CHAPTEK XV. 

IN A CATHEDRAL CITY. 

Weeks passed before Kathleen Hesslegrave recovered 
from the shock of that terrible disappointment. It 
shattered her nerves for the moment ; it left her 
heart-broken. It was not so much the blow to her 
love, though that was bad enough-Kathleen was 
strong of soul, and could bear up against a mere love- 
trouble ; it was the sense of being so completely and 
unjustly misunderstood ; it was the feeling that the 
man she had loved best in the world had gone away 
from her entirely misconceiving and misreading her 
character. At the risk of seeming unwomanly, Kath- 
leen would have followed him to the world's end, if 
she could, not so much for love's sake as to clear up 
that unendurable slight to her integrity. That any 

VOL. II. J . 



a AT MARKET VALUE 

man, and above all Arnold Willougliby, should think 
her capable of planning a vile and deliberate plot to 
m£.ke herself a Countess, while pretending to be 
animated by the most disinterested motives, was a 
misfortune under which such a girl as Kathleen could 
not sit down quietly. It goaded her to action. 

But as time went on, it became every day clearer 
and clearer to her that Arnold Willoughby had once 
more disappeared into space, just as Lord Axminster 
had disappeared after the Blanche Middleton incident. 
It was utterly impossible for her even to begin trying 
to find him. Week after week she waited in misery 
and despair, growing every day more restless under 
such enforced inactivity, and eating her heart out with 
the sense of injustice. Not that she blamed Arnold 
Willoughby ; she understood him too well, and sym- 
pathized with him too deeply, not to forgive him all ; 
for tout savoir, c'est tout pardonner. He could hardly 
have drawn any other inference from Mrs. Hessle- 
grave's plain words than the inference he actually 
drew ; and Kathleen admitted to herself that if she 
had really been what Arnold supposed her, she would 
have more than deserved the treatment he had 
accorded her. It was just that, mdeed, that made 
the sting of the situation. She would have despised 
herself for being what she knew Arnold Willoughby 
couldn't possibly help thinking her. 



IN A CATHEDRAL CITY 3 

Before long, however, many other things super- 
vened to take Kathleen's mind for the present off 
Arnold Willoughby. Spring had set in over sea in 
England ' with its usual severity ' ; and Mrs. Hessle- 
grave felt it was time to return from the l)almy ISfay 
of Italy to the chilly and gusty month which usurps 
the same name in our Northern climates. So they 
struck their tents northward. As soon as they 
returned, there were the exhibitions to see about, and 
the sale of Kathleen's pictures and sketches to arrange 
for, and the annual trouble of Mr. Eeginald's finances, 
with their normal deficit. Mr. Reginald, indeed, had 
been ' going it ' that year with more than his accus- 
tomed vigour. He had been seeing a good deal 
through the winter of his friend Miss Florrie ; and 
though Miss Florrie, for her part, had not the slightest 
intention of * chucking up her chances ' by marrying 
Mr. Reginald, she * rather liked the boy ' in a mild 
uncommercial fashion, and permitted him to present 
her with sundry small testimonials of his ardent 
affection in the shape of gloves and bouquets, the final 
honour of payment for which fell, necessarily of 
course, on poor Kathleen's shoulders. For Miss 
Florrie was a young lady not wholly devoid of senti- 
ment ; she felt that to carry on a mild flirtation with 
Mr. Reginald, whom she never meant to marry, as an 
affair of the heart, was a sort of sacrificial homage to 



4 AT MARKET VALUE 

the higher emotions — an apologetic recognition of 
those tender feehngs which she considered it her duty 
for the most part sternly to stifle. The consequence 
was that while she never for a moment allowed Mr. 
Eeginald to suppose her liking for him was anything 
more than purely Platonic, she by no means dis- 
couraged his budding affection's floral offerings, or 
refused to receive those dainty-hued six-and-a-halfs in 
best Parisian kid which Reggie laid upon the shrine 
as an appropriate holocaust. 

So, when poor Kathleen returned to London, dis- 
tracted, and burning to discover Arnold Willoughby's 
whereabouts, the very lirst thing to which she was 
compelled to turn her attention was the perennial 
and ever-deepening entanglement of Master Peggie's 
budget. As usual in such cases, however, Reggie was 
wholly unable to account arithmetically for the dis- 
appearance of such large sums of money ; he could 
but vaguely surmise with a fatuous smile that * a jolly 
good lump of it ' had gone in cab fares. 

Kathleen glanced up at him reproachfully : 

* But I never take a cab myself, Reggie,' she ex- 
claimed with a sigh, * except in the evening, or to pay 
a call at some house entirely off the 'bus routes. For 
ordinary day journeys, you know very well, I always 
take an omnibus.' 

Reggie's lip curled profound contempt. 



IN A CATHEDRAL CITY 5 

' My dear girl,' he replied with fraternal superiority, 
* I hope I shall never sink quite as low as an omnibus.' 
(He was blandly unaware that he had sunk already a 
great many stages lower.) * No self-respecting person 
ever looks at an omnibus nowadays. It may have 
been usual in your time ' — Kathleen was five or six 
years older than her brother, which at his age seems 
an eternity — ' but nowadays I assure you nobody does 
it. A hansom's the only thing, though I confess I 
don't think any gentleman ought to rest content till 
he can make it a victoria. My ideal is in time to set 
up a victoria ; but how can a fellow do that on my 
paltry salary ?' 

Poor Kathleen sighed. How, indeed ! That was 
the worst of Reggie ; he was so unpractical and incor- 
rigible. At the very moment when she was trying to 
impress upon him the enormity of owing money he 
couldn't possibly pay, and coming down upon her 
scanty earnings to make good the deficiency, he would 
burst in upon her with this sort of talk about the im- 
possibility of stewing in the pit of a theatre, and the 
absolute necessity for every gentleman to have a stall 
of his own, and a flower in his button-hole, even 
though it devolved upon other people to pay for them. 
To say the truth, they had no common point of contact. 
Kathleen's principle was that you had no right to con- 
tract debts if you had no means of paying them ; 



6 AT MARKET VALUE 

Reggie's principle was that you must live at all hazards 
* like a gentleman ' — even though you allowed a 
woman to pay with her own work for the cost of the 
proceedings. 

As soon as Eeggie's affairs had been set compara- 
tively straight, and as many of his more pressing 
debts as he could be induced for the moment to 
acknowledge had been duly discharged by Kathleen's 
aid, the poor girl set to work in real earnest to dis- 
cover, if possible, what had become of Arnold Wil- 
loughby. She didn't want to see him — not Just at 
present, at least, till this misunderstanding was cleared 
up, if cleared up it could ever be by her bare assertion. 
But she did want to know where he was, to write and 
explain to him, to tell him how deeply and how com- 
pletely he had misjudged her. It was all in vain, 
however. She had to eat her heart out with unful- 
filled desire. Go where she would, she could hear 
nothing at all of him. She dived into the recesses of 
East-End coffee-houses, sadly against her will — places 
where it seemed incredible to her that Arnold Wil- 
loughby should be found, and where, nevertheless, 
many sailors seemed to know him. * Willoughby ? 
Ay, Willoughby. That's the chap that used to make 
me hand him over my screw, as soon as it was paid, 
and send three parts of it home to my missis, and 
keep the rest for me, for baccy and such-like. Ay, he 



IN A CATHEDRAL CITY 7 

was a good sort, he was ; but it's long sin' I saw him. 
Drownded, mayhap, or left the sea or summat.' That 
was all she could hear of Arnold in the seafaring 
quarter. It seemed quite natural to those hardy salts 
that a person of their acquaintance should disappear 
suddenly for a year or two from their ken, or even 
should drop out of existence altogether, without any- 
one's missing him. * It's like liuntin' for a needle in 
a bottle of hay, miss,' one old sailor observed with a 
friendly smile, ' to look for a seaman in the Port o' 
London. Mayhap, when the sealers come back to 
Dundee, you might get some news o' him ; for Wil- 
loughby he were always one as had an eye on the 
sealin'.' With that slender hope Kathleen buoyed 
herself up for the present ; but her poor heart sank as 
she thought that during tili these weeks Arnold must 
be going on thinking worse and ever worse of her, 
letting the wound rankle deep in that sensitive breast 
of his. 

One element of brightness alone there was in her 
life for the moment ; her art at least was being better 
and better appreciated. She sold her Academy 
picture for more than double what she had ever 
before received ; and no wonder, for she painted it in 
the thrilling ecstasy of first maiden passion. If it 
hadn't been for this rise in her prices, indeed, she 
didn't know how she could have met Mr. Reginald's 



8 AT MARKET VALUE 

demands ; and Mr. Reginald himself, quick to observe 
where a fresh chance opened, immediately discounted 
Kathleen's betterment in market value by incurring 
several new debts with tailor and tobacconist on the 
strength of his sister's increased ability to pay them 
in future. 

As soon as the London season was over, however, 
the Hesslegraves received an invitation to go down to 
Norchester on a visit to the Valentines. Mrs. Hessle- 
grave was highly pleased with this invitation. ' Such 
a good place to be seen, 3'ou know, dear, the Valen- 
tines' ; and a Cathedral town, too ! The Bishop and 
Canons are so likely to buy ; and even if they don't, 
one feels one's associating with ladies and gentlemen.' 
Poor Kathleen shrank from it, indeed ; for was it not 
Canon Valentine who indirectly and unintentionally 
had brought about all her troubles by incautiously 
letting out the secret of Arnold Willoughby's person- 
ality ? But she went, for all that ; for it was her way 
to sacrifice herself. Many good women have learnt 
that lesson only too well, I fear, and would be all the 
better for an inkling of the opposite one, that self- 
development is a duty almost as real and as imperative 
as self-sacrifice. 

So down to Norchester she went. She had no 
need now to caution Mrs. Hesslegrave against open- 
ing her mouth again about the Axminster episode ; 



IN A CATHEDRAL CITY g 

for the good lady, having once hopelessly compromised 
herself on that mysterious subject, was so terrified at 
the result that she dared not even broach it afresh to 
Kathleen. Since the day of Arnold Willoughby's dis- 
appearance, indeed, mother and daughter had held 
their peace to one another on the matter ; and that 
very silence overawed Mrs. Hesslegrave, who knew 
from it how deeply Kathleen's heart had been 
wounded. As for the Canon, now Algy had obtained 
the peerage, it was more than ever his cue to avoid 
any allusion to the sailor he had so rashly recognised 
at Venice. He was convinced in his own mind by 
this time that Bertie Eedburn must have committed 
some crime, the consequences of which he was 
endeavouring to shirk by shuffling off his personality ; 
and a that attempt redounded to Algy's advantage, it 
was certainly very far from the Canon's wish to 
interfere in any way with the fugitive's anonymity. 
So he, too, held his peace without a hint or a word. 
He was willing to let the hasty exclamation wrurg 
from him on the spur of the moment at Venice be for- 
gotten, if possible, by all who heard it. 

On their first day at Norchester, Kathleen went 
down with their host to the Cathedral. There's some- 
thing very charming and sweet and grave about our 
English cathedrals, even after the gorgeous churches 
of Italy ; and Kathleen admired immensely the beauti- 



10 AT MARKET VALUE 

ful green close, the old- world calm, the meditative 
view from the Canon's windows upon the palace 
gardens. It was all so still, so demure, so peaceful, 
BO English. As they walked round the building 
towards the great east window, the Canon was 
apologetic about his hasty flight from Venice. 

* I went away suddenly, I know,' he said ; ' but, then, 
you must admit. Miss Hesslegrave, it's a mos*; in- 
sanitary town. Such smells ! Such filth ! It just 
reeks with typhoid.' 

* Well, I allow the perfumes,' Kathleen answered, 
bridling up in defence of her beloved Venice ; * but as 
to the typhoid, I have my doubts. The sea seems to 
purify it. Do you know. Canon Valentine, I've spent 
five winters on end in Venice, and I've never had a 
personal friend ill with fever ; while in England I've 
had dozens. It isn't always the places that look the 
dirtiest which turn out in the long-run to be really 
most insanitary. And if it comes to that, what could 
possibly be worse than those slums we passed on our 
way out of the close, near the pointed archway, where 
you cross the river '?' 

The Canon bristled up in turn. This was really 
most annoying. As a matter of fact, those particular 
slums were the property of the Dean and Chapter of 
Norchester, and complaints had been going about in 
the local paper that they were no wholesomer than 



IN A CATHEDRAL CITY II 

they ought to be ; which made it, of course, all the 
more intolerable that they should attract the attention 
of a complete stranger. 

* Not at all,' he answered testily. * Those are very 
good cottages — very good cottages indeed. I can see 
nothing wrong with them. You can't expect to house 
worldng-people in the Bishop's Palace, and to give 
them port-wine and venison every day ad UJntum. 
But as working-men's houses, they're very good 
houses ; and 1 wouldn't mind living in one of them 
myself — if I were a working-man,' the Canon added 
in an after-thought, ' and had been brought up to the 
ways of them.' 

Kathleen said no more, for she saw the Canon was 
annoyed ; and she knew when to be silent. But that 
morning at lunch the Canon enlarged greatly upon 
the health and cleanliness of Norchester in general, 
and the Cathedral close and property in particular. 
It • was wholesomeness itself ; the last word of sanita- 
tion. Nobody ever got ill there ; nobody ever died ; 
and he had never even heard of a case of typhoid. 

' Except old Grimes, dear,' Mrs. Valentine interposed 
incautiously. 

The Canon crushed her with a glance. 

* Old Grimes,' he said angrily, ' brought the seeds 
of it with him from a visit to Bath — which I don't 
consider at all so well sanitated as Norchester ; and I 



12 AT MARKET VALUE 

told the Dean so at our diocesan sj'nod. But not 
another case — not a case can I remember. — No, 
AmeHa, it's no use ; I know what you're going to say. 
Mrs. Wheeler's fever came straight from London, 
which, we all of us know, is a perfect pest-hole ; and 
as to poor old Canon Brooks, he contracted it in Italy. 
The precentor ! No, no ! Goodness gracious ! has it 
come to this, then ? — that not only do vile agitators 
print these things openly in penny papers for our 
servants to read, but even our own wives must go 
throwing dirt in the faces of the Cathedral Chapter ! 
I tell you, Amelia, the town's as clean as a new pin ; 
and the property of the close is a model of sanitation.' 

That evening, however, by some strange mischance, 
the Canon himself complained of headache. Next 
morning he was worse, and they sent for the doctor. 
The doctor looked grave. 

* I've been expecting this sooner or later,' he said, 
' if something wasn't done about those slums by the 
river. I'm afraid, Mrs. Valentine, it would be only 
false kindness to conceal the truth from you. The 
Canon shows undoubted symptoms of typhoid.' 

It was quite true. He had caught it three weeks 
earlier on a visit of inspection to Close Wynd, the 
slum by the river, where he had duly pronounced the 
cottages on the Cathedral property ' perfectly fit for 
human habitation.' And now, out of his own mouth, 



IN A CATHEDRAL CITY I3 

had nature convicted him. For, in his eagerness to 
prove that all was for the best, in the best of all 
possible Cathedral towns, for the tenants of the 
Chapter, he had asked for and tossed oft' a glass of 
the tainted water to which the borough sanitary 
inspector was calling his attention. 

' Perfectly pure and good,' he said, in his testy way. 
* Never tasted better water in my life, I assure you. 
"What the people want to complain about nowadays 
fairly passes my comprehension.' 

And he went his way rejoicing. But for twenty-one 
days those insidious little microbes that he swallowed 
so carelessly lay maturing their colony in the Canon's 
doomed body. At the end of that time they swarmed 
and developed themselves ; and even the Canon him- 
self knew in his own heart, unspoken, that it was the 
Close Wynd water that had given him typhoid fever. 
When he made his will, he did not forget it ; and the 
lawyer who opened it eight days later found that in 
that hasty sheet, dictated from his death-bed, the 
Canon had remembered to leave two hundred pounds 
for the improvement of the sanitary condition of the 
* perfect ' cottages which had proved his destruction. 

One day later Mrs. Valentine succumbed. She, too, 
had drunk the poisonous water, * for example's sake, 
Amelia,' her husband had said to her; and she, too, 
' died after a short attack. It was a most virulent type 



14 AT MARKET VALUE 

of the disease, the doctor said — the type that comes of 
long sanitary neglect and wholesale pollution. But 
that was not all. These things seldom stop short with 
the original culprits. Mrs. Hesslegrave was seized, 
too, after nursing her two old friends through their 
fatal illness ; and, being weak and ill beforehand with 
regret and remorse for the part she had played in 
driving away the Earl whom Kathleen wanted to 
marry (for that was the way in which Mrs. Hessle- 
grave thought of it to the very end), she sank rapidly 
under the strain, and died within a fortnight of the 
two Valentines. So Kathleen found herself practically 
alone in the world, and with Eeginald on her hands, 
except so far as his ' paltrj'- salary ' would enable 
a gentleman of so much social pretension to keep 
himself in the barest necessaries at the florist's and 
the glover's. 

In the midst of her real grief for a mother she had 
loved and watched over tenderly, it did not strike 
Kathleen at the time that by these three deaths, 
following one another in such rapid succession, the 
only three other depositaries of Arnold Willoughby's 
secret had been removed at one blow, and that she 
herself remained now the sole person on earth who 
could solve the Axminster mystery. But it occurred 
to her later on, when the right time came, and when 
she saw what must be done about Arnold Willoughby's 
future. 



I 



CHAPTER XVI. 

WITHOUT SECURITY. 



As soon as the funeral was over, Kathleen returned 
to town to prove her mother's will. Mrs. Hesslegrave 
had little to leave, and her pension died with her. 
Her own small property, a trifle scarcely worth con- 
sidering, she divided in equal shares between Kath- 
leen and Reginald. But Mr. Reginald was not a little 
surprised at this equitable arrangement. 

'Of course, I don't grumble,' he said magnanimously 
"to his sister, as she turned her pale face up to him 
from her newly-made mourning ; ' but it's beastly un- 
fair ; that's what I call it : and I confess it isn't quite 
what I'd have expected from the mater.' 

Kathleen stared at him with tears in her eyes. It 

shocked her inexpressibly to hear him speak of their 

mother at such a moment with so little feeling. 

M 'Unfair!' she exclaimed, taken aback; 'why, how 

fo you make that out, Reggie ? We're both to share 



i6 AT MARKET VALUE 

alike. I don't quite see myself how anything could 
well be made very much fairer !' 

But Reggie plumed himself on the sense of what 
Aristotle describes as 'distributive justice.' 

* I don't at all agree with you,' he answered with 
vigour, digging his hands into his trousers-pockets 
doggedly. * I'm a man ; you're a woman. That 
makes all the difference. A man's needs in life are far 
greater than a woman's. He has society to think of. 
A woman can live upon anything, her wants are 
so few : a man requires much more — cigars, cabs, 
theatres, an occasional outing ; a Sunday up the river ; 
a box at the opera.* 

In which chivalrous theory of the relations of the 
sexes, Mr. Reginald Hesslegrave is kept in counten- 
ance by not a few of his kind in London and else- 
where. 

* I don't see why a man should have all those things 
any more than a woman — if he can't afford them,' 
Kathleen answered with more spirit than she was 
aware she possessed. ' Because so many women are 
content to scrape and slave for the sake of the men of 
their families, I don't see that that entitles the men 
to suppose every woman is bound to do it for them. 
Why should you be any better entitled to a box at the 
opera, if it comes to that, than I am ?' 

*0h, well, if you've no sense of family dignity,' 



WITHOUT SECURITY 17 

Reggie interjected obliquely, taking the enemy by a 
flank movement at the weakent point, ' and would like 
to see your brother sit stewing in the pit among a 
promiscuous pack of howling cads, or wearing a coat 
that would disgrace an office-boy, why, of course 
there's no answering you. It's wasting words to 
argue. I was taking it for granted you had still some 
sense left of sisterly affection, and some decent pride 
in your relations' position. But I suppose you'd like 
to see me sweeping a crossing. Besides,' he went on 
after a brief pause, * you've your painting to fall back 
upon. You can earn money at that. It's a jolly 
good profession. The mater ought to have considered 
the differences in our positions, and have " governed 
herself accordingly," as we say in the City.' 

'But you have your salary!' Kathleen exclaimed, 
distressed to hear him question so lightly their 
mother's sense of justice ; for, like most good women, 
she was more loyal to her mother than her mother (to 
say the truth) had ever deserved of her. * That's 
something fixed and certain; you can always count 
upon it ; while my work's precarious : I may happen 
to sell, or I may happen to make a failure. And 
then, too, you're a man, and what's the use of being a 
man, I should like to know — a superior being — a lord 
of creation — if you can't be trusted to earn your own 
livelihood better than a woman could ? If there's to 





l8 AT MARKET VALUE 

be a difference at all, surely it's the women, the 
weaker of the two, and the less able on the average to 
take care of themselves, who ought to receive the 
most! A man can work for his living; a woman can't 
so well ; more doors are closed to her ; and I think all 
that ought to be taken into consideration in arranging 
inheritances as between sons and daughters.' 

' My salary !' Mr. Reginald repeated, with supreme 
scorn in his voice. ' My paltry salary ! That beg- 
garly sum ! How can you expect a man brought up 
with the tastes and feelings of a gentleman to live 
upon a miserable pittance like that ? You don't 
understand these things, that's where it is ; you're 
not in society. You go and paint half your time at 
some place or other in Italy ' — Mr. Reginald had a 
profound and impartial contempt for all foreign 
countries — ' and you don't understand the needs and 
requirements of a man about town. They don't come 
home to you. Why, neckties alone — there's an item 
for you ! I'm distracted with the difficulty of pro- 
viding good neckties. And flowers, again ! How can , 
one do without flowers ? I don't suppose I should 
ever have a chance of rising to be an Authorized, if 
Jones were to see me without a gardenia in my 
buttonhole!' 

* Rising to be a what ?' Kathleen inquired, looking 
puzzled. 



WITHOUT SECURITY 19 

' An Authorized,' Reggie replied with a superior 
smile. 'Oh no ; I didn't expect you to understand 
what I meant. It's a beastly vulgar slang, the slang 
of the Stock Exchange : but what can you expect ? 
If a man's put by his people into a hole of a stock- 
broker's office, instead of into a cavalry regiment, 
where his appearance and manners entitle him to be 
— why, of course, he must pick up the vile lingo of the 
disgusting hole he's been stuck in. An Authorized is 
a clerk, a superior clerk, a sort of Trusted Servant, 
who pays a special subscription to the House, and is 
entitled to act on his employer's account exactly like a 
broker. He gets a jolly good screw, an Authorized 
does in a good firm. I hope in time, by my merits, 
to rise to be an Authorized. I'll make things hop 
then, I can tell you, Kitty : Threadneedle Street won't 
know me !' 

* And who's Jones ?' Kathleen inquired once more, 
never having heard till that moment of this mysterious 
personage. 

* "Why, our senior partner, of course,' Reggie 
answered with gusto. 

' But I thought he was a Greek, with a very long 
name,' Kathleen answered, much puzzled. 

* So he is,' Reggie replied. * His full name's 
loannipulides. Now, no Christian body can be 
expected to say " Mr. loannipulides " fifty times over 



20 AT MARKET VALUE 

in the course of a working day— which is only eight 
hours— so we call him Jones for short. It's every bit 
as effective, and a deal less expensive on the vocal 

organs.' 

* I see,' Kathleen replied, and was silent for a 

moment. 

' However,' Mr. Eeggie continued, returning to the 
charge, unshattered, ' it doesn't matter how the poor 
mater left the money, don't you know, one way or the 
other : that's neither here nor there. The long and 
the short of it is, whether you like it or whether you 
lump it, you'll have to fork over your share to me as 
soon as we've got clear through with this beastly 
probate business ; for I want the tin, and, to put it 
fair and square, I can't do without it.' 

Kathleen stood aghast at the proposal. 

•What? all dear mother left me!' she cried, 
thunderstruck. 'You expect me to give it up to 

you?' 

Mr. Eeginald assumed a severely logical expression 

of face. 

' I don't expect anything,' he replied with conscious 
moderation. *In this world, I know, one's exposed 
to perpetual disappointment. People are so selfish, 
that's the fact: they never think at all of other 
people's situations. They won't put themselves in 
their shoes. All I say is this : I expect nothing ; but 



WITHOUT SECURTTY 21 

if you want to see your brother hauled up in the 
Bankruptcy Court -Uabilities, seven hundred and fifty 
odd: assets, four-and-tuppence— " the bankrupt was 
severely reprimanded by the learned Commissioner,. 
and did not receive his discharge "—why, of course, 
you're quite at liberty to look on and enjoy that 
charming spectacle. It don't matter to me. I'd soon 
get used to it. Though I would have thought mere 
family affection, to say nothing of family pride— for I 

perceive you haven't got any—

' But, Reggie,' Kathleen cried, horror-struck, ' you 
don't mean to tell me that, with your income, you're 
more than seven hundred pounds in debt ? It isn't 

really true, is it ?'

Reggie gazed at her contemptuously. 

'What a storm in a teapot!' he answered with 
gentlemanly scorn. ' Maybe six hundred and fifty. 
Maybe eight hundred. A gentleman doesn't generally 
trouble himself about the details of these matters. 
He buys what he can't possibly do without ; and he 
pays for it by instalments from time to time as 
occasion offers. His tailor says to him : '' Would it be 
perfectly convenient to you, sir, to let me have a few 
pounds on account within the next six weeks or so?— 
for, if so, I should be glad of it. I'm sorry to trouble 
you, sir ; but, you see, your little bill has been running 
on so long!"— and he rubs his hands apologetically. 



22 AT MARKET VALUE 

And then you say to him m a careless way : "Well, 
no, Saunders, it wouldn't. I don't happen to have any 
spare cash in hand to waste on paying bills just at 
the present moment — Ascot coming on, don't you 
know, and all that sort of thing ; but I'll tell you what 
I'll do for you ; you can make me a couple more suits, 
tweed dittoes, and knickerbockers." That's the way 
to manage tradesmen ; they don't mind about mone}^ 
as long as they get your custom : though, as a con- 
sequence, of course, one doesn't always remember 
exactly what one owes within a hundred and fifty 
pounds or so.' 

' Eeggie,' Kathleen said firmly, ' I call it wicked of 
vou — wicked !' 

ft/ 

* So one's people generally remark,' Reggie an- 
swered with perfect unconcern. ' I was talking over 
this subject with Charlie Owen yesterday, and he told 
me his governor made precisely the same remark to 
him last time he struck for an increased allowance. 
It's astonishing how little originality there is in human 
beings!' 

It was useless being angry with him ; so Kathleen 
began again. 

' Now, Reggie,' she said in a serious voice, 'I'm not 
going to make you a present this time of anything. 
You must find out what you owe, and show me the 
bills ; and then perhaps I may be disposed to lend you 



WITHOUT SECURITY 23 

what you need — on note of hand, you understand — 
till you're rich enough to pay me.' 

* Oh dear yes, I understand,' Eeggie answered with 
alacrity. * I understand down to the ground. Notes 
of hand are my specialite. Almost all this that I want 
to clear off just now is on note of hand, Kitty. Fact 
is, I'm in a hole ; and it's no good denying it. Of 
course, if you choose to leave your brother in a hole, 
like Jacob's sons, for the Midianites or somebody to 
pull him out and sell him up, you're perfectly at 
liberty, I admit, to do it. But a hole I'm in ; and it's 
notes of hand have put me there. You see, I ex- 
pected to come into whatever private property the 
poor mater had ; and I expected it to turn out a good 
deal more than it actually has done. I'm a victim of 
misapprehension. I flew a kite or two, making 'em 
payable within six months— of— well, you know, what 
they call a post-obit. And now I find I can't meet 'em, 
which is awkward— very ; and unless the members 
of my family come forward and help me, I suppose 
I must go into the court — and lose my situa- 
tion.' 

That was a good trump-card, and Mr. Reginald 

knew it. 

• But you solemnly declared to me, only six months 
since, you hadn't a debt in the world except the ones 
I paid for you !' Kathleen exclaimed reproachfully. 



24 AT MARKET VALUE 

* Why didn't you tell me then the exact amount of 
your indebtedness ?' 

' No fellow ever does tell his people the exact amount 
of his indebtedness,' Reggie answered with airy 
candour. * It's a trait of human nature.' Which was 
no doubt quite true, but not particularly consolatory to 
Kathleen in the present emergency. 

' It's very, very wrong of you, Eeggie,' she said 
again, trying to be properly stern with him. 

' Oh, that's all rot !' Eeggie answered with his usual 
frankness. 'It's no good pitching into any chap 
because he behaves exactly the same as every other 
chap does. I told you there's precious little origin- 
ality in human nature. I've gone on as all other 
young men go on in a decent position ; and you've 
gone on in the ordinary way common to their people ; 
so now suppose we drop it all, and get forward with 
the business.' 

And get forward with the business they did accord- 
ingly. After a great many subterfuges and petty 
attempts at deception, Eeggie was at last induced to 
furnish Kathleen, to the best of his ability, with a 
tolerably complete list of his various creditors and the 
amounts he owed them. Every item, he explained in 
detail, was ' simply unavoidable.' These gloves, for 
example, were necessaries — most undoubted neces- 
saries ; any judge would pass them, for a fellow in his 



WITHOUT SECURITY 2$ 

position. Those flowers were naturally part of his 
costume ; hang it all ! a man must dress. If people 
appeared in public insufficiently clad, why, as a matter 
of common morals, the police interfered with them. 
As for that fan, put down at fifty shillings, Florrie 
Clarke had bought that one evening when she was out 
with him ; and he said to the shopman, ' Put it down 
to me!'— as also with the bouquets, the brooch, and 

the earrings. 

'But what could I do?' he pleaded plaintively. 
* She said she wanted them. I was a man, don't you 
see. I couldn't stand by and let a woman pay for 

them.' 

' It strikes me you're going to let a woman pay for 
them now,' Kathleen put in with just severity. 

Reggie smiled his graceful smile, and, as he did so, 
Kathleen couldn't help admitting that, after all, he 
was a very good-looking boy, Reggie. 

' Ah, but that's quite a different matter,' he answered, 
laying one brotherly hand on her shoulder, with a 
caressing glance. ' You see, you're my sister !' 

And what a creature a woman is ! How inconsis- 
tent ! How placable ! That one fraternal act made 
Kathleen overlook all Reggie's misdeeds at once and 
for ever. I regret to have to chronicle it: but she 
stooped down and kissed him. The kiss settled the 
question. 



26 AT MARKET VALUE 

Eeggie swept the field in triumph. Before he left 
Kathleen's rooms that afternoon he had extracted a 
promise that on his producing his bills, and stating 
the precise amounts of his funded debts in the way of 
notes of hand with his various creditors, he should 
receive a sufficient sum in ready cash to settle ni full 
and begin life over again. He meant to turn over a 
new leaf, he said, cheering up at the prospect. And 
so he did— in the ledger. A clean sweep of all his 
bills would allow him to start afresh with increased 
credit— since his creditors would now conclude he had 
come into money. Indeed, he instantly formed, in 
his own imaginative mind, a splendid scheme for 
inviting Florrie and her mamma down to Eichmond 
on a drag, with Charlie Owen to assist, and a few 
other good fellows to help drink the dry Monopole. 
What's the good of getting your people to pay off 
all you owe, if nobody but the beastly tradesmen is 
to derive any benefit from their generous behaviour? 

So convinced was Mr. Eeginald of this truth, in- 
deed, and so firmly determined not to let Kathleen's 
kindness be wasted for nothing, that on his way down 
town again from his sister's rooms he turned casually 
into his tobacconist's in passing. 

' I say, Morton,' he observed in an easy tone, * will 
you just let me have your little bill to-night ? I'm 
thinking of paying it.' 



WITHOUT SECURITY a; 

*0h, certainly, sir,' the subservient tobacconist 
answered, with an oily smile, wondering mutely to him- 
self whether this was a dodge to obtain fresh credit. 

Reggie read the thought in his eye, and gi?,ve a nod 
of dissent, to correct the misapprehension before it 
went any further. 

• No, it ain't that thin time, Morton,' he said briskly, 
with charming sociality. ' No larks, I promise you ! 
I'm on the pay just now; come into a little oof, and 
arranged with my people.' (That impersonal form 
sounds so much more manly, and so much more 
chivalrous, than if one were to say outright, 'my 
sister !') 'But I want some weeds, too, now I come 
to think of it, so you may send me round a couple of 
boxes of those old Porto Ricos. But, if you like, you 
needn't deliver them till after the bill's paid. Only,' 
he added, looking his purveyor very straight in the 
face with a furtive yet searching glance, * I'd like you 
to put them down on the bill, don't you know ; and, 
if it's all the same to you, I'd like you to antedate 
them— say last February— or else I expect my people 
won't pay, and will cut up rusty.' 

The tobacconist smiled a meaning smile. He was 
well acquainted long since with such threadbare little 
ruses, which, after the fashion of gentlemen doing a 
risky trade with young men about town, he condoned 
as in the end very good for business. 



38 AT MARKET VALUE 

' All right, sir,' he answered, with a nod ; ' I quite 
understand. They shall be entered as you wish. We 
deal as between men. And just to show you, sir, that 
I trust you down to the ground, and have perfect 
confidence in your honour as a gentleman— there need 
be no trouble about waiting for payment; I'll send 
the cigars up to your rooms this evening. Will you 
take a weed now, sir ? I can offer you a really very 

nice Havana.' 

Reggie was so delighted with the encouraging result 
of this first, attempt, that he ventured to go a single 
step further in the same direction. It's convenient, 
don't you know, for a gentleman to have a little spare 
cash in hand for emergencies like the projected visit 
to Richmond. 

'And look here, Morton,' he went on evasively, 
• tvoiild you mind just doing me a very small favour ? 
I'm in want of ready cash ; no rhino in hand : but my 
people, I'm proud to say, are behaving like bricks. 
They're paying up everything. They'll settle anything 
in reason I bring in just now as part of my embarrass- 
ments. They're prepared "or a lump of it. Could you 
make it convenient just to lend me a mere trifle of 
twenty-five quid for the immediate present? A nominal 
loan, don't you know, not to take effect till I've paid 
my debts— but antedate the I U, say, from last 
December or January? It'd give me a little ready 



WITHOUT SECURITY 39 

money for current expenses, don't you see, which is 
really an element ''making for virtue," as Charlie 
Owen says,' because it prevents one from getting 
into new debt the very day one's out of the old 

one !' 

Morton hummed and hawed ; to antedate the I U 
was a felonious act, he rather fancied ; but in the end 
he gave way, and the nat result of Mr. Reginald's day 
was finally this : that he had induced poor Kathleen, 
out of the slender patrimony which was all she had 
for certain to count upon in the world, to pay off his 
debts for him ; and that he now found himself with 
twenty-five pounds of her money in pocket, with which 
to begin a fresh campaign of silly extravagance. Bui 
if you think these proceedings gave Mr. Reginald 
Hesslegrave a single qualm of conscience, you very 
much misunderstand that young gentleman's character. 
On the contrary, meeting Charlie Owen on the way 
down the Strand, he begged that like-minded soul to 
partake of dinner with him forthwith at a first-class 
restaurant, triumphantly confided to him in the course 
of the meal, without extenuating aught or setting down 
aught in malice, the whole of these two dialogues, and 
finally extended to him a cordial invitation to share a 
boat up the river with him and the Clarkes, some day 
very soon, out of the remainder of poor Kitty's plun- 
dered money. 



CHAPTER XVII. 

THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK. 

It was about those same days that the brand-new 
Lord Axminster, strolUng down the Row one afternoon 
arm in arm with his impecunious friend Captain 
Bourchier, nodded a little familiarly to a very pretty 
girl on a neat chestnut mare, accompanied by a groom 
of the starchiest respectability. Lord Axminster' s 
salute was too easy-going, indeed, to be described as a 
bow ; it resembled rather the half-playful bob with 
which one touches one's hat to some man acquaint- 
ance. But the pretty girl considered a recognition, no 
matter how scanty, from a man in Lord Axminster's 
position, too important a matter to be casually thrown 
away ; and reining in her mount, she drew near 
to the rails, and exclaimed in a saucy yet sleepy 
voice : 

• Well, how goes it this morning ?' 

' Oh, all right,' Lord Axminster answered in a non- 



THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK 31 

chalant tone. ' Are you going to the Graham Pringles' 
hop this evening ?' 

' I don't think ho,' the pretty girl responded with a 
carelesH smile. ' Too hot, you know, for dancing.' 
Which was a graceful way of covering the unacknow- 
ledged truth that she had not in point of fact received 
an invitation. 

Lord Axminster asked a few more of the usual use- 
less society questions, and then stifled a yawn. The 
pretty girl stroked her mare's glossy neck, and with 
an easy nod went on her way again, rejoicing in the 
consciousness that she had attracted the attention of 
the loungers by the rails as the acquaintance of a 
genuine nobleman. As soon as she had gone, Captain 
Bourchier turned to his friend. 

' I say, Axminster,' he observed with a tinge of 
querulousness in his voice, 'you might have introduced 
me. I call it beastly mean of a man to keep all his 
good things to himself like that. Who is the young 
woman ? She's confoundedly good-looking.' 

' Yes, she is a nice little thing,' Axminster admitted, 
half grudgingly. ' Nothing in her, of course, and a 
kind of sleepy Venus ; but distinctly nice-looking, if 
you care for them that way. A trifle vulgar, though ; 
and more than a trifle silly. But she's good enough 
for a trip up the river, don't you know. The sort of 
girl one can endure from eighteen to eight-and-twenty.' 



32 AT MARKET VALUE 

'Who is she?' Captain Bourchier asked, looking 
after her with obvious interest. 

* Who is she ? Ah, there you come to the point. 
Well, that's just it; who is she? Why, Spider 
Clarke's daughter. You've heard of her-the Decoy 

Duck.' 

Captain Bourchier pursed his lips. The news evi- 
dently interested him. 

* So that's the Decoy Duck !' he repeated slowly 
with a broadening smile. ' So that's Spider Clarke's 
Decoy Duck! Well, I don't wonder she serves her 
purpose. She's as personable a girl as I've seen for 

a twelvemor i.' 

* She is pretty,' Lord Axminster admitted in the 

same grudging fashion. 

' Any brothers ?' Captain Bourchier asked, as though 
the question were one of not the slightest import- 

ance. 

Lord Axminster smiled. 

' Ah, there you go straight to the point,' he an- 
swered', ' like a good man of business ! That's just it ; 
no brothers. She's the only child of her father, and 
he's a money-lender. I admire you, Bourchier, for 
the frank and straightforward way you put your finger 
on the core of whatever subject you deal with. No 
beating about the bush or unnecessary sentimentality 
about you, dear boy ! She has no brothers ; she 



THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK 33 

represents the entire reversionary interest, at fourteen 
per cent., in old Spider Clarke's money.' 

Captain Bourchier assumed at once an apologetic 
air. 

' Well, you aee,' lie said candidly, * if one's looking 
out for tin, it's such a great point to find the tin com- 
bined with a young woman who isn't wholly and 
entirely distasteful to one. I don't go in for senti- 
ment, as you justly observe ; but, hang it all ! I don't 
want to go and fling myself away upon the very first 
young woman that ever turns up with a few thousands 
to her name, irrespective of the question whether she's 
one-eyed or humpbacked, a woolly-haired nigger or 
a candidate for a lunatic asylum. Now, this girl's 
good-looking ; she's straight and well made ; and I 
suppose she has the oof ; so, if one's going to give up 
one's freedom for a woman at all, I should say the 
Decoy Duck was well worth inquiring about.' 

• Very possibly,' Lord Axminster replied, as one who 
dismisses an uninteresting subject. 

'Well, has she the dibs? That's the question,' 
Captain Bourchier continued, returning to the charge 
undismayed, as becomes a cavalry otiicer. 

* Spider Clarke is rich, I suppose,' Lord Axminster 
answered with a little irritability. ' He ought to be, 
I know. He's had enough out of me, anyhow. I'm 
one of his flies. He did all those bills for me, before 

VOL. II. 16 



34 AT MARKET VALUE 

anybody believed my cousin Bertie was really dead ; 
and as it was very speculative business, of course he 
did them at a heavy discount. He feathered his nest 
from me. His kites must have swallowed up five 
years at least of the Membury rent-roll, I should 
think, before he was "through with it," as that 
American girl says. I know he's left me pretty well 
cleaned out. And Florrie will have it all, I suppose. 
The girl's name is Florrie.' 

' Do you think Lady Axminster would ask me to 
meet her ?' Captain Bourchier inquired tentatively. 

The new peer raised his eyebrows. 

' I'm sure I don't know,' he replied with a doubtful 
air, like one who could hardly answer for Lady Ax- 
minster's conduct. * They are not exactly the sort of 
people my wife cares to ask — not even before we'd 
got things set straight with them financially. Her 
acquaintance with Miss Florrie and Miss Florrie's 
mamma was always of the most formal and perfunc- 
tory description. Besides, if you want to know the 
girl, there's no need to approach her as if she were a 
Duchess. It's easy enough for anybody with a stiver 
to his name to pick up Florrie Clarke's acquaintance.' 

* Oh yes, of course ; I can see that for myself,' 
Captain Bourchier went on with the same cynical can- 
dour. * It's plain enough to anyone she's the sort of 
young lady who's directly approachable from all quar- 



THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK 35 

ters. But that's not what I want, don't you see ? I 
want to be introduced to her, fair and square, in the 
society way, and to judge for myself whether or not 
she'll do for me. If she does do, then I shall have 
put things from the first upon a proper basis, so that 
her father and mother will understand at once in 
what spirit I approach her. Hang it all, you know, 
Axminster, wnen a man thinks it's on the cards he 
may possibly marry a girl, why, respect for the lady 
who may in the end become his wife makes him desire 
to conduct all his relations with her, from the begin- 
ning, decently and in order.' 

Lord Axminster's lips curled. 

* I appreciate the delicacy of your feelings, my dear 
boy,' he answered, with a faint touch of irony ; ' and 
if Ethel doesn't mind, you shall meet the girl at 

dinner.' 

It was a proud evening indeed for Mrs. Clarke and 
Florrie when first they dined at Lady Axminster's. 
To be sure, their hostess put up her tortoise-shell eye- 
glasses more than once during the course of the 
dinner, and surveyed the money-lender's wife through 
them with a good long stony British stare, for all the 
world as if she were a specimen of some rare new 
genus, just introduced from Central Africa into the 
Zoological Gardens of English society. But Mrs. 
Clarke, who was too stout to notice these little things, 



36 AT MARKET VALUE 

lived on through the stares in the complacent satis- 
faction of the diamonds that glittered on her own 
expansive neck ; while as for Florrie, with her short 
black hair even more frizzed and fluffy than ever, she 
was too deeply taken up with that charming Captain 
Bourchier to notice what was happening between her 
mamma and their hostess. Captain Bourchier, she 
felt, was quite the right sort of man-a perfect gentle- 
man. He was older than Reggie Hesslegrave, of 
course, but very nearly as good-looking : and then, he 
was well connected, and held such delightfully cynical 
views of life-in fact, disbelieved in everybody and 
everything, which, as all the world knows, is so 
extremely high-toned. Miss Florrie was deUghted 
with him. He wasn't rich, to be sure ; that papa and 
mamma had heard; but he was the son of an 
Honourable, and the first-cousin of a peer, not to 
mention remote chances of succeeding through his 
mother to a baronetcy in abeyance. Florrie felt at 
once this was a very different case from poor dear 
Reggie Hesslegrave's ; and when at the end of the 
evening Captain Bourchier gave her hand the most 
delicately chivalrous pressure imaginable, and trusted 
Mrs. Clarke would allow him to call some day soon at 
Rutland Gate, Florrie realized on the spot this was 
genuine business, and responded with a maiden blush 
of the purest water. That dainty little baby face was 



THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK 37 

always equal to such an emergency ; for Miss Florrie 
had the manners of the most shrinking inridnue, with 
the mind and soul which might reasonably be expected 
of Spider Clarke's daughter. 

And yet not wholly so, as things turned out in the 
end : for, after Captain Bourchier had called once or 
twice at Eutland Gate, and had duly poured into Miss 
Florrie's ears his tale of artless love, and been officially 
accepted by Miss Florrie's papa and mamma as the 
prospective inheritor of Miss Florrie's thousands, a 
strange thing came to pass in the inmost recesses of 
Miss Florrie's heart— a thing that Miss Florrie herself 
could never possibly have counted upon. For when 
she came to tell Reggie Hesslegrave that she had 
received a most eligible offer from a captain in a 
cavalry regiment, and had accepted it with the advice 
and consent of her parents, poor Reggie's face grew so 
pale and downcast that Florrie fairly pitied him. And 
then, with a flash of surprise, the solemn discovery 
burst in upon her that in spite of papa and mamma, 
and the principles they had instilled, she and Reggie 
Hesslegrave were actually in love with one another. 

It was true, quite true : so far as those two young 
people were capable of loving, they were actually in 
love with one another. The human heart, that very 
incalculable factor in the problem of life, had taken its 
revenge at last on Miss Florrie. She had been brought 



23 AT MARKET VALUE 

up to believe the heart was a thing to be lightly 
stifled in the interests of the highest bidder, social or 
mercantile ; and now that she had accepted a most 
eUgible bid, all things considered, she woke up all at 
once to sudden consciousness of the fact that her heart, 
her heart too, had a word to say in this matter. 
What she had mistaken for the merest passing flirta- 
tion with Reggie Hesslegrave was in reality a vast 
deal more deep and serious than what she had been 
taught to regard as the grave business of life with 
Captain Bourchier. She had feelings a little pro- 
founder and more genuine than she suspected. The 
soul within her was not quite so dead as her careful 
upbringing had led her to believe it. 

In point of fact, when real tears rose spontaneous, 
ftt the announcement, in Eeggie Hesslegrave's eyes, 
real tears rose to meet them in Miss Florrie's in turn. 
They were both astonished to find how much each 

thought of the other. 

Not that Florrie had the faintest intention— just as 
yet-of throwing overboard her eligible cavalry officer. 
That would be the purest Quixotism. But she recog- 
nised at the same time that the cavalry officer was 
business, society, convention ; while Reggie Hessle- 
grave was now romance-a perilous deUght she had 
never till that moment dreamed of. As romance she 
accepted him, therefore, and much romance she got 



THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK 39 

out of him ; risky romance of a sort that stirred in 
poor Florrie's sleepy sluggish heart a strange throbbing 
and beating never before suspected. She was engaged 
to Captain Bourchier, of course, and she meant to 
marry him ; one doesn't throw overboard such a 
chance as that of placing one's self at once in the 
very thick of good society. But week after week, and 
month after month, while she met Captain Bourchier 
from time to time at dance or racecourse, she still 
went on writing in private most passionately despair- 
ing letters to Beggie Hesslegrave, whom she could 
never marry. As she put it herself, she was dead 
stuck on Beggie. Week after week, and month after 
month, she made stolen opportunities for meeting 
him, unawares, as it seemed, by Hyde Park Corner, 
or saying a few hurried words to him as she passed in 
Piccadilly. Then the interviews between them grew 
bolder and bolder; Florrie pencilled a few hasty 
lines : 

' Will be at the Academy with mamma to-morrow 
at ten ; meet me, if you can, in the Architectural 
Drawings ; it's always empty. I'll leave mamma in 
one of the other rooms ; she doesn't care to go round 
and look at all the pictures.' 

And these fleeting moments grew dearer and ever 



40 AT MARKET VALUE 

dearer to Florrie Clarke's mind ; they came as a reve- 
lation to her of a new force in her bosom ; till she got 
engaged to Captain Bourchier, she had never herself 
suspected what profound capacity for a simple sort of 
every-day romance existed within her. 

Moreover, 'tis a peculiarity of the thing we call love 
that it gets out of every man and every woman the 
very best that is in them. Reggie Hesslegrave began 
to feel himself in his relation to Florrie quite other 
than he had ever felt himself in any other relation of 
his poor wasted existence. He loved that girl, with 
a love that, for him, was very nearly unselfish. He 
thought of her and he dreamt of her. He lived day 
and night for her. He risked Kathleen's money 
recklessly for her sake on impossible outsiders, and 
backed the favourite at race after race, in utter dis- 
regard of worldly circumstances, in order to win her a 
princely income. That was about the highest point 
Reggie's industry, affection, and unselfishness could 
reach ; in his way, he was raised above his own normal 
level. For Florrie he would almost have consented 
to wear an unfashionable coat, or to turn down his 
trousers when Bond Street turned them up, or to do 
anything, in fact, that a woman could wish— except 
curb his expenditure and lay by for the future. 

So, for about eighteen months, things went on in 
this way : and then flying rum.ours began to flit about 



THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK 41 

town that Spider Clarke of late had not been doing 
quite so well in his money-lending as usual. His star 
was waning. It was whispered at the clubs that, 
emboldened by his success with Algy Redburn, whom 
he was known to have financed during the tedious 
course of the Axminster peerage case, he had launched 
out too freely into similar speculations elsewhere, and 
had burnt his fingers over the monetary affairs of a 
very high personage. With bated breath, people 
mentioned his Serene Highness the Duke of Saxe- 
Weissnichtwo. Whether this was so or not, it is 
certain at least that Spider Clarke was less in repute 
in St. James's than formerly ; the ladies who returned 
Mrs. Clarke's bows so coldly at the theatre, returned 
them now with the very faintest of possible inclinations, 
or affected to be turning their opera-glasses in the 
opposite direction, and not to notice her. Even 
Captain Bourchier himself, whose suit had been 
pressed hard and warm at first, began to fancy it was 
a precious good thing that innocent - looking little 
Decoy Duck had played so fast and loose with him ; 
for, as things were turning out now, he was con- 
foundedly inclined to doubt whether the man who 
got her would get enough pickings with her to 
make it worth his while to give up that very mys- 
terious entity he called his liberty. Henceforth, he 
was seen less and less often at Rutland Gate, and 



43 AT MARKET VALUE 

affected more and more at the Flamingo Club to 
speak of his relations with the Spiderette as a mere 
passing flirtation, that had never been meant to come 
to anything serious. 

So matters went on till the end of the season. 
Meanwhile, the less Florrie saw of the accepted lover, 
the more and more did she see of the clandestine and 
romantic one. As for Eeggie, he began to plan out a 
mighty scheme for winning himself fortune at a single 
stroke — a heroic investment of every penny he could 
raise, by pledging his slender credit, on a famous tip 
for the coming Cesarewitch. He intended to be rich, 
and to cut out that beastly Bourchier man, and to 
make himself a swell, and to marry Florrie. On the 
very afternoon when the news of his fortune was to 
reach London by telegram, however, he received a 
despatch at his office in the City which considerably 
disquieted him. Just at the first blush, to be sure, he 
thought it must be meant to announce the triumph of 
Canterbury Bell, whom he had ' backed for his pile '; 
but when he opened it, what he read was simply this : 

* Come round to-night to see me ; ask for me at the 
hall door; important news; must speak with you. 
— Florrie.' 

Mr. Reginald wondered much what this message 



THE HEART OF THE DECOY DUCK 43 

could portend. He determined to go round to Rutland 
Gate at the earliest possible moment — as soon as he 
had satisfied himself that Canterbury Bell had be- 
haved as he had a right to expect of such a filly, and 
that he was indeed the possessor of a marrying 
competence. 



CHAPTER XVIII. 

PRECONTRACT OF JIATRIMONY. 

That night was the most eventful of Mr. Reginald's 
life. For some weeks beforehand, indeed, he had 
lived in a perfect ferment of feverish excitement, 
intending, in his own expressive dialect, to * pull oflf a 
double coiq) ' on the day when Canterbury Bell pro- 
vided him at one stroke with a colossal fortune. To 
say the truth, he held in his pocket, against this fore- 
gone contingency, a most important Document, which 
he designed to pull forth and exhibit theatrically to 
the obdurate Florrie at such a dramatic moment of 
triumph, that even Florrie herself would have nothing 
left for it but to throw overboard incontinently the 
cayalry officer, and fly forthwith to love in a cottage 
with her faithful admirer. Mr. Reginald had planned 
this all out beforehand in the minutest detail ; and he 
had so little doubt of Canterbury Bell's ability to land 
him at once in fame and fortune, that he pulled forth 



PRECONTRACT OF MATRIMONY 45 



• 



the Document many times during the course of the 
day, and read it through to himself once more with 
the intensest satisfaction. 

Still, it's hard to wait for hours, slaving and toiling 
in an office in the City, when you know full well — on 
the unimpeachable authority of a private tip — that 
wealth and immunity are waiting for you all the while 
— to a hioral certainty — at a bookmaker's at New- 
market. But necessity knows no law ; and Mr. 
Reginald nathless so endured till five in the evening. 
By that hour he had reached the well-known office in 
the Strand where he was wont to await the first tele- 
grams of results from the racecourses of his country. 
As he approached those fateful doors, big with hope 
and apprehension, a strange trembling seized him. 
People were surging and shouting round the window 
of the office in wild excitement. All the evil passions 
of squalid London were let loose there. But Mr. 
Reginald's experienced eye told him at once the deadly 
news that the favourite must have won — for the crowd 
was a joyous one. Now, the crowd in front of a sport- 
ing paper's office on the evening of a race day is only 
jubilant when the favourite has won; otherwise, of 
course, it stands morose and silent before the tidings 
of its failure. But Canterbury Bell was what Mr. 
Reginald himself would have described in the classic 
tongue of the turf — the muddy turf of Fleet Street — 



46 AT MARKET VALUE 

as * a rank outsider,' for it is only by backing a rank 
outsider at heavy odds, * on unexceptionable informa- 
tion,' that you can hope to haul in an enormous 
fortune at a stroke, without risking a corresponding 
or equal capital to start with. So the plans of delight 
from the crowd that danced and yelled outside the 
office of the sporting paper made Reggie's heart sink 
ominously. Could his tipster have played him false ? 
It looked very much like it. 

Worse and worse, as he drew nearer he could 
catch the very words of that jubilant cry—' The 
Plunger ! The Plunger !' A hundred voices echoed 
it wildly to and fro in their excitement. The whole 
air was fairly rent with it — 'The Plunger! The 
Plunger ! !' 

Now, the Plunger was the name of that wretched 
horse, the favourite! Reggie came up with bated 
breath. His heart stood still within him. 

* What's won ?' he asked a costermonger, who was 
shouting with the rest. 

And the man, giving him a cool stare, made answer 
at once : 

' Wy, can't you see it up there, you image ? The 
Plunger! The Plunger!' 

Reggie raised his eyes at once to the big lime-lit 
transparency on the front of the signboard, and read 
there his doom. It tvas The Plunger ! 



PRECONTRACT OF MATRIMONY • 47 

* And Canterbury Bell ?' he gasped out, half clutch- 
ing the man for support. 

'Canterbury Bell!' the costermonger responded 
with an instinctive gesture of profound contempt. 
* You 'aven't gone and risked yer money on Canter- 
bury Bell, 'ave yer ? Wy, Canterbury Bell was never 
in it at all. I could 'a told you that much if you'd 'a 
axed me aforeliand. Canterbury Bell's a bloomin' 
fraud. She wan't meant to stay. She wan't never 
so much as in it.' 

Reggie's brain reeled round. With a sickening sense 
of disillusion and disappointment, he clutched the 
Document in his pocket. Then all was up. He could 
never marry Florrie. The bubble had burst. He had 
chucked away his bottom dollar on a ' blooming fraud,' 
as the costermonger called it. Life was now one vast 
blank. He didn't know where to turn for consolation 
and comfort. 

His first idea, in fact, was to slink off, unperceived, 
and never keep the engagement with Florrie at all. 
What use was he now to Florrie or to anybody ? He 
was simply stone-broke. Not a girl in the world 
would care for him. His second idea was to fling 
himself forthwith over Waterloo Bridge ; but from 
that heroic cowardice he was deterred by the con- 
sideration that the water was cold, and if he did, he 
would probably drown before anyone could rescue 



48 • AT MARKET VALUE 

him, for he was a feeble swimmer. His third and 
final idea was to go and tell Florrie every word of 
what had happened, and to throw himself, so to 
speak, on her generosity and her mercy. 

Third ideas are best. So he went, after all, to 
Eutland Gate, much dispirited. A man-servant in a 
mood as dejected as his own opened the front door to 
him. Was Miss Clarke at home ? Yes, the servant 
replied still more dejectedly than ever ; if he liked, he 
could see her. 

Reggie stepped in, all wonder. He rather fancied 
that man-servant, too, must have lost his all through 
the astounding and incomprehensible victory of The 
Plunger. 

In the drawing-room, Florrie met him, very red as 
to the eyes. Her mien was strange. She kissed him 
with frank tenderness. Reggie stared wider than 
ever. It began to strike him that all London must 
have backed Canterbury Bell for a place, and gone 
bankrupt accordingly. Argentines were nothing to it. 
He had visions of a crash on 'Change to-morrow. 
But Florrie held his hand in hers with genuine 
gentleness. 

' Well, you've heard what's happened ?' she said. 
* You dear ! and still you come to see me ?' 

'What? The Plunger?' Reggie ejaculated, unable 
to realize any save his own misfortune. 



PRECONTRACT OF MATRIMONY 49 

* The Plunger !' Florrie repeated in a vague sort of 
reverie. * I'm sure I don't know what you mean. It's 
this about poor papa. Of course you've heard it ?' 

* Not a word,' Reggie answered, with a pervading 
sense that misfortunes, Hke twins, never come single. 
* Has anything dreadful happened ?' 

* Anything dreadful ?' Florrie echoed, bursting at 
once into tears. * Oh, Regg'e, you don't know ! 
Everything dreadful! everything!' And she buried 
her fluffy head most unaffectedly in his shoulder. 

Reggie was really too chivalrous a man, at such a 
moment, when beauty was in distress, to remember 
his own troubles. He kissed away Florrie's tears, as 
a man feels bound to do when beauty flings itself on 
him, weeping ; and as soon as she was restored to the 
articulate condition, he asked, somewhat tremulous, 
for further particulars. For 'everything,' though 
extensive enough to cover all the truth, yet seems to 
fail somewhat on the score of explicitness. 

* Look at the paper !' Florrie cried with another 
burst, all sobs. ' Oh, Reggie, it's too dreadful ! I just 
couldn't tell you it.' 

She handed him an evening journal as she spoke. 
Reggie glanced at the place to which her plump little 
forefinger vaguely referred him. The words swam 
before his eyes. This was truly astonishing : ' Arrest 
of the Well-known Money-lender, Mr. " Spider " 




so AT MARKET VALUE 

Clarke, for Fraud and Embezzlement. Alleged 
Gigantic System of Wholesale Forgery. Liabilities, 
Eighty Thousand ; Probable Assets, Nil. The Spider's 
Web, and the Flies that filled it !' 

Reggie read it all through with a cold thrill of 
horror. To think that Florrie's • papa should have 
turned out a fraud, only second to Canterbury Bell, in 
whom he trusted ! It was terrible, terrible ! As soon 
as he had read it, he turned with swimming eyes of 
affection to Florrie. His own misfortunes had put 
him already into a melting mood. He l)ent down to 
her tenderly. He kissed her forehead twice. 

' My darling,' he said gently, with real sympathy 
and softness, ' I'm so sorry for you ! so sorry ! But, 
oh, Florrie, I'm so glad you thought of sending for 
me.' 

Florrie drew out a letter in answer from her pocket. 

'And just to think,' she cried with flashing eyes, 
handing it across to him with indignation, ' that 
dreadful other man — before the thing had happened 
one single hour — the hateful, hateful wretch — he 
wrote me that letter ! Did ever you read anything so 
mean and cruel ? I know what to think of him now, 
and, thank goodness, I've done with him !' 

Reggie read the letter through with virtuous horror. 
As poor Florrie observed, it was a sufficiently heartless 
one. It set forth, in the stiffest and most conven- 



PRECONTRACT OF MATRIMONY 51 

tional style, that, after the events whicK had hap- 
pened to-day before the eyes of all London, Miss 
Clarke would of course recognise how impossible it 
was for an officer and a gentleman and a man of 
honour to maintain his relations any longer with her 
family ; and it therefore begged her to consider the 
writer in future as nothing more than hers truly, 

PONSONBY StRETFEILD BoURCHIER. 

Reggie handed it back with a thrill of genuine 
disgust. ' The man's a cad,' he said shortly; and, to 
do him justice, he felt it. Meanness or heartlessness 
of that calculated sort was wholly alien to Eeginald 
Hesslegrave's impulsive nature. 

' Thank you, Reggie,' Florrie said, drawing nearer 
and nearer to him. ' But you know, dear, I don't 
mind. I never cared one pin for him. After the first 
few weeks, when I thought of him beside ijoii, I posi- 
tively hated him. That's the one good thing that has 
come out of all this trouble ; he won't bother me any 
more ; I've got fairly rid of him.' 

Reggie pressed her to his side. 

'Florrie dear,' he whispered chivalrously, 'when 
you talk like that, do you know, you almost make 
me feel glad all this trouble has come — if it has 
had the effect of making us draw closer to one 
another.' 



52 



AT MARKET VALUE 



And that it had that effect at that present moment 
was a fact just then physically and visibly demon- 
strable. 

Florrie laid the frizzy curls for a minute or two on 
his shoulder. In spite of her misfortunes, she was 
momentarily quite happy. 

* I always loved you, Reggie,' she cried ; ' and I 
can't be sorry for anything that makes you love me.' 
And she nestled to his bosom with the most confiding 
self-surrender. 

This confidence on Florrie's part begot in return 
equal confidence on Eeggie's. Before many minutes 
he had begun to tell that innocent, round-faced girl 
how narrowly he had just missed a princely fortune, 
and how opulent he would have been if only Canter- 
bury Bell had behaved as might have been expected 
of so fine a filly. 

' And it was all for you, Florrie,' he said ruefully, 
fingering the Document all the while in the recesses of 
his pocket. * It was all for you, dear one ! I thought I 
should be able to come round to you to-night in, oh 
such triumph, and tell you of my good-luck, and ask 
you to throw that vile Bourchier creature overboard 
for my sake, and marry me offhand — because I so 
loved you. And now it's all gone smash — through 
that beastly wretch. The Plunger.' 

' Did you really think all that ?' Florrie cried, look- 



PRECONTRACT OF MATRIMONY 53 

ing up at him through her tears, and smiUng con- 
fidingly. 

' Do you doubt it ?' Eeggie asked, half drawing the 
Document from the bottom of his pocket. 

' N-no, darling. I don't exactly (hmht it,' Florrie 
answered, gazing still harder. ' But I wonder ... if 
you will say it Just now, so as to please me.' 

Reggie's time had come. Fortune favours the brave. 
He held forth the Document itself in triumph *at the 
dramatic moment. After all, it had come in useful. 
* Read that /' he cried aloud in a victorious voice, like 
a man who produces irrefragable evidence. 

Florrie gazed at the very official-looking paper in 
intense surjDrise. She hardly knew what to make of 
it. It was an instrument signed by the Right Reverend 
Father in God, the Archbishop of Canterbury ; and it set 
forth in fitting terms his archiepiscopal blessing upon 
a proposed union between Reginald Francis Hessle- 
grave. Bachelor, of the Parish of St. Mary Abbott's 
Kensington, and Florence Amelia Barton Clarke, 
Spinster, of the Parish of Westminster. 

Florrie gazed at it, all puzzled. 

' Why, what does this mean, dearest ?' she faltered 
out with emotion. ' I don't at all understand it.' 

That was a proud moment for Reggie — about the 
proudest of his life. 

'Well, it's called a special license, dear,' he 



54 AT MARKET VALUE 

answered, bending over her. * You see, Florrie, I took 
it for granted Canterbury Bell was safe to win — as 
safe as houses — so I made up my mind to try a coup 
beforehand. I went to the surrogate and swore a 

declaration ' 

' A what ?' Florrie exclaimed, overcome by so much 
devotion. 

* A declaration,' Reggie continued, * don't you know 
— a sort of statement that we both of us wished to get 
married at once, and wanted a license ; and here the 
license is ; and I thought, when Canterbury Bell had 
won, and I was as rich as Crcesus, if I brought it to 
j^ou, just so, you'd say like a bird: " Never mind my 
people ; never mind Captain Bourchier. I've always 
loved you, Eeggie, and now I'm going to marry you." 
But that beastly fool The Plunger plunged in and 
spoiled all. If it hadn't been for him, you might 
perhaps have been Mrs. Reginald Hesslegrave to- 
morrow morning. Mrs. Reginald Hesslegrave is a 
first-rate name, darling.' 

Florrie looked up at him confidingly. She recog- 
nised the adapted quotation from a well-known poet. 

* And it's no good now,' she said plaintively, * since 
The Plunger put a stop to it !' 

A gleam of hope dawned in Reggie's eyes. He was 
in a lover's mood : all romance and poetry. 

'Well, the license is all right,' he said, taking 



PRECONTRACT OF MATRIMONY 55 

Florrie's hand in his and smoothing it tenderly. 
* The Ucense is all right, if it comes to that. There's 
no reason, as far as the formahties go, why I shouldn't 
marry you, if you will, to-morrow morning.' 

'Then what stands in the way?' Florrie inquired 
innocently. 

'You,' Reggie answered at once, with a sudden 
burst of gallantry. ' You yourself entirely. Nothing 
else prevents it.' 

Florrie flung herself into his arms. 

' Reggie ! Reggie !' she sobbed out, ' I love you with 
all my heart ! I love you ! I love you ! You're the 
only man on earth I ever rmlli/ loved. With you, 
and for your sake, I could endure anything — any- 
thing, ' 

Reggie gazed at her, entranced. She was really 
very pretty. Such eyes ! such hair ! He felt himself 
at that moment a noble creature. How splendid of 
him thus to come, like a modern Perseus, to the 
rescue of beauty — of beauty in distress at its hour of 
trial ! How grand of him to act in the exact opposite 
way from that detestable Bourchier creature, who had 
failed at a pinch, and to marry Florrie offhand at the 
very time when her father had passed under a serious 
cloud, and when there was some sort of merit in 
marrying her at once without a penny of expectations ! 
Conduct like that had a specious magnanimity about 



56 AT MARKET VALUE 

it which captivated Reginald Hesslegrave's romantic 
heart. The only point in the case he quite forgot to 
consider was the probability that Kathleen, uncon- 
sulted on the project, might be called upon to support 
both bride and bridegroom. 

He clasped the poor panting little Decoy Duck to 
his bosom. 

' Flossie dearest,' he murmured, ' / have nothing ; 
you have nothing ; we have both of us nothing. We 
know now it's only for pure, pure love we can think of 
one another. I love you. Will you take me ? Can 
you face it all out with me ?' 

Florrie hid her face yet once more in Reggie's best 
white waistcoat. He didn't even stop to reflect how 
she tumbled it. 

'Darling! darling!' she cried. 'How unselfish — 
how noble of you !' 

Reggie drew himself up with an ineffable sense of 
having acted, in difficult circumstances, like a perfect 
gentleman. He was proud of his chivalry. 

' Then to-morrow,' he said briefly, ' we will be 
married with this license, as the Archbishop directs, 
at St. Mary Abbott's, Kensington.' 

Florrie clung to him with all her arms. She 
seemed to have a dozen of them. 

' Oh, you dear !' she cried, overjoyed. ' And at such 
a moment ! How grand of you ! How sweet ! Oh, 



PRECONTRACT OF MATRIMONY 57 

Reggie, now I know you are indeed a true gentle- 
man!' 

Reggie thought so himself, and stood six inches taller 
in his own estimation ; though even before, Heaven 
had granted him a fairly good conceit o' himself. 



CHAPTER XIX. 


It's an easy enough matter getting married in London, 
when you're carrying a special license for the purpose 
in your pocket : it smooths over the ingenious obstruc- 
tions placed by English law in the way of matrimony ; 
and Eeggie, having once decided to perform, as he 
thought, this magnanimous action, saw no reason 
why he should not perform it at once, now the crisis 
had come, with the utmost expedition. So he 
despatched an imaginative telegram to the office in the 
City next morning, announcing — with a lordly dis- 
regard of historical truth — that he was prevented by 
serious indisposition from attending to his work in 
Capel Court that day ; after which little excursion 
into the realms of fiction, he met Florrie by appoint- 
ment at the church door, where, accompanied only by 
Charlie Owen, who undertook the arduous duty of 
giving away the bride, he was duly married at St. 
Mary Abbott's, Kensington, to blushing little Florrie 



RE-ENTER MORTIMER 59 

in her plain white Hannel. (It came in quite handy, 
Florrie said, to be married in.) 

Reggie was aware that he was performing a nol)le 
and generous act ; and he looked fully conscious of it. 
As for Florrie, she thought nol)ody had ever been so 
heroic and so chivalrous as Hesgie ; and she felt 
prouder that morning in her simple white frock, with 
her stockbroker's clerk, than if she had married the 
Commander-in-Chief himself, let alone a mere Captain 
in a distinguished cavalry regiment. 

As soon as the ceremony was over, and Charlie 
Owen had evaporated, Keggie began to reflect seriously 
upon the lions in the path— the question of ways and 
means — the difficulties of supporting a wife and 
family. Stern critics might suggest that it was 
perhaps a few minutes late for taking that branch of 
the subject into consideration ; but being now a 
married man, Reggie determined to face the duties of 
the situation as became his heightened dignity. He 
made up his mind at once to look out for some better 
paid post, and do his best to earn an adequate liveli- 
hood for Florrie. Meanwhile, however, and just as a 
temporary expedient, he decided — to ask a little pass- 
ing assistance from his sister Kitty. 

It was always so. Master Reggie danced; 'twas 
poor Kitty's place to pay the piper. Not that very 
day, of course. Hang it all, you know ! a man may 



6o AT MARKET VALUE 

be allowed three days of honeymoon with the wife of 
his youth, before busying himself with the sordid 
mundane affairs of pounds, shillings, and pence, 
mayn't he ? So Eeggie resolutely determined to live 
in future a most quiet and saving life, and endeavoured 
to distract poor Florrie's mind in the interim from 
this horrid crash in her papa's affairs by spending the 
few remaining pounds he had still in pocket from last 
quarter's salary in taking her round to all the best 
burlesques then going on at the theatres. It didn't so 
much matter spending these few stray sovereigns like 
that, don't you see, because he meant to put his case 
plainly before Kitty next week, and get her to make 
him a last final loan on the strength of his new good 
resolutions as security ; after which, he said to himself 
with the utmost firmness, he meant to reform alto- 
gether, and strike out a new line of economic action. 
Reggie was magnificent at good resolutions. The 
bother of it was, they all went to swell that nether 
pavement. 

Now, it so happened that during those days Rufus 
Mortimer, too, who had been over in America for a 
year and a day, in part to distract himself from the 
effects of his disappointment, and in part to look after 
the ancestral engineering works, had returned to 
London, and had written to ask Kathleen's leave to 
visit her once more at her lodgings in Kensington — a 



RE-ENTER MORTIMER 6i 

smaller set, which she had occupied since her mother's 
death, and her consequent reduction of available 

income. 

Kathleen always liked Rufus Mortimer. She knew 
he was genuine. She recognised his goodness of heart 
and his true American chivalry ; for where women are 
concerned, there is no person on earth more delicately 
chivahous than your American gentleman. So, with 
sundry misgivings, she allowed Rufus Mortimer to call 
on her again, though she hoped he would not reopen 
the foregone conclusion she had settled that day on 
the Lido at Venice. And Rufus Mortimer for his part 
arrived at her rooms with a firm determination in his 
own mind not to ask Kathleen anythmg that might 
possibly be embarrassing to her feelings or sentiments. 
This first visit at least should be a purely friendly one ; 
it should be taken up in discovering, by the most casual 
indications of straws on the wind, how Kathleen now 
felt towards her rejected lover. 

But have you ever noticed that if you set out any- 
where, fully determined in your own mind to conduct 
a conversation upon certain prearranged lines, you 
invariably find yourself at the end of ten minutes 
diverging entirely from the route you planned out for 
yourself, and saying the very things you had most 
earnestly decided wild horses of the Ukraine should 
never tear from you ? 



62 AT MARKET VALUE 

It was SO with Rufus Mortimer. Before he had been 
ten minutes engaged in talk with Kathleen, he found 
conversation had worked round by slow degrees, of 
itself, to Venice ; and when once it got to Venice, 
what more natural on earth than to inquire about old 
Venetian acquaintances? while, among old Venetian 
acquaintances, how possibly omit, without looking 
quite pointed, the name of the one who had been most 
in both their minds during that whole last winter on 
the Fondamenta delle Zattere "? Rufus Mortimer felt 
there was no avoiding the subject. Like the moth with 
the candle, he circled round and round, and at last 
dashed right into it. 

' And Willoughby '?' he asked after a pause, with a 
furtive side-look ; ' have you never heard anything 
more, Miss Hesslegrave, about Willoughby '?' 

Kathleen's face flushed rosy red, but she gave no 
other sign of her suppressed emotion as she answered 
with a quiet resignation of manner : 

' No ; I've heard nothing more of him since he left 
Venice that April.' 

Mortimer leaned forward eagerly. A bright light 
gleamed in his eye. 

' What ! he hasn't ever written to you ?' he cried. 
* Do you mean to say he hasn't written '?' 

Kathleen gazed at him pleadingly. 

* No, Mr. Mortimer,' she answered in a very sad 



RE-ENTER MORTIMER 63 

voice. ' He — he went away from Venice under circum- 
stances which I can't quite explain in full to you ; and 
from that day to this '—her lips quivered visibly— 
' I've never heard anything more of him.' 

Mortimer clutched his two hands in one another 
nervously. 

' Oh, how wrong of him !' he cried, with a timid 
glance at Kathleen. ' How unkind ! How cruel ! 
Why, Miss Hesslegrave, I should never have expected 
such conduct from Willoughby.' 

' Nor I,' Kathleen admitted frankly, with a little 
burst of unreserve. It was such a relief to be able to 
talk about him to anybody who could understand, 
were it even but a little, her position. ' But then — 
oh, Mr. Mortimer, you don't know all. If you knew 
how unhappily and how strangely he was misled, you 
wouldn't be harsh in your judgment of him.' 

' By — your mother ?' Mortimer inquired, with a 
flash of intuition— one of those electric flashes which 
often occur to men of the nervous temperament when 
talking with women. 

Kathleen bowed her head. 
* Yes, by my mother,' she answered softly. 
There was a long deep pause. Then Mortimer 
spoke once more. 

' That was eighteen months ago now,' he said, in a 
gentle undertone. 



64 AT MARKET VALUE 

Kathleen assented. 

' Yes, eighteen months ago.' 

* And you've heard nothmg more of him in any way 
since, directly or indirectly ?' 

* No, nothing,' Kathleen answered. Then she 
paused for a second, doubtful whether or not to utter 
the thought that was in her. ' Though I've tried 
every way I knew how,' she went on at last with an 
effort. . 

Mortimer turned to her gently. He was more kke a 
woman than a man in his sympathy. 

* You've been pressing this trouble down unconfessed 
in your own heart, Miss Hesslegrave,' he said with 
strange candour, yet strange gentleness of manner ; for 
he came from one of those old Pennsylvanian Quaker 
families in which a certain feminine tenderness of 
nature may almost be reckoned as a hereditary 
possession. ' You've been pressing it down too long, 
till the repression has done you harm. It has told on 
your health. Why not confide in me frankly ? You 
know me well enough to know that if there is any way 
in which it's possible for me to help you, I shall be 
more than repaid by the consciousness of having 
served you.' 

'You're too good, Mr. Mortimer,' Kathleen answered, 
the tears rising fast to her blinded eyes. * I haven't 
deserved this from you. But you don't understand. 



RE-ENTER MORTIMER 65 

You never could understand. For — well, for his sake 
I could never explain this matter to anybody. You 
see, it would be a real breach of confidence. There are 
points I can't explain, because — they're his secret.' 

* And yet he has left you !' Rufus Mortimer 
exclaimed. 'While I — oh, Miss Hesslegrave !' He 
looked at her and held his peace. He was more in 
love with her than ever. 

Kathleen rose and faced him. 

* Dear Mr. Mortimer,' she said, with a faint tremor 
in her voice, *we are no longer boy and girl. Why 
shouldn't I speak freely to you ? You are very, very 
kind, more kind than I deserve ; but — you mustn't 
talk like that to me. I love him still ; I mustn't allow 
any other man to say such things to me about him. I 
like you, oh, ever so much, for all your kindness and 
sympathy ; but I can't listen to you when you talk 
like that of his conduct. Please, please, don't do it.' 

Mortimer leaned back again in his chair and looked 
hard at her. 

* If you wish it,' he answered, ' I'll speak, or I'll be 
silent. Your will is law to me. I will do as you wish 
me. But I didn't come here to plead for myself to- 
day. All that shall be buried. Only, let me know 
whether it would help you to see him again. If it 
would, I'll hunt him out, though I have to tramp on 
foot over Europe to do it.' 

VOL. II. 18 



66 AT MARKET VALUE 

• Yes, I want to see him again !' Kathleen answered, 
'just once— if no more— to explain to him. He went 
away under a misapprehension that she had impressed 
upon him. So unjust! so untrue ! And it's breaking 
my heart. I can't stand it, Mr. Mortimer.' 

• I shall find him out,' Mortimer cried, rising ; ' if 
he's to be found, I shall find him. In Europe, Asia. 
Africa, or America, I shall find him. Wherever he is, 
I'll track him. Miss Hesslegrave, I'll catch him by 
the neck and bring him to you.' 

'You can't,' Kathleen answered. 'He has gone, 
like a shooting-star. He has left no trace behind. 
But I'm none the less grateful to you. You have 
always behaved to me as nobody else could have done.' 
She paused again for a second. ' If it were not for 
fiir,n ' she began ; then she broke off, faltering. 

'Thank you,' the American replied in a very low 
voice, supplying the missing words for himself without 
difficulty. ' I appreciate your kindness. I will do 
my best to find him. But if he never turns up again 
—if he has disappeared for ever— oh, Miss Hessle- 
grave, is there no chance— no hope for any other 

man ?' 

Kathleen gazed at him fixedly. 

' No, no hope,' she answered with a visible effort. 
' Mr. Mortimer, I like you ; I respect you ever so much. 
But I love Ai-nold Willoughby. I could never give 



RE-ENTER MORTIMER 67 

my heart to any man but him. And unless I gave 
my heart ' 

' You are right,' Mortimer broke in. ' There we 
two are at one. I care for nothing else. It is your 
heart I would ask for.' 

Trembling, he rose to go. But he held her hand long. 

* And remember,' he said with a lump in his throat, 
' if at any time you see reason to change your mind, 
I too have loved one woman too well in my time ever 
to love any other. I am yours, and yours only. One 
motion of your hand, and be sure I shall understand 
it ! He may die out of your life. You can't die out 
of mine. I shall always hope on, though no good 
come of hoping.' 

He grasped her hand hard ; Kathleen allowed him 
to grasp it. He stooped down and imprinted one kiss 
on the pot't palm ; she did not resent the action. She 
felt too well in what spirit he did it to feel called upon 
to prevent him. She had pity for his despair. Then 
he hurried down the stairs. His heart was too full 
for him to remain any longer. He could hardly hoM 
back his tears, so deeply was he agitated. 

On the doorstep he knocked up by accident against 
Eeggie. The head of the house stopped the stranger 
quite eagerly. 

' Hullo,' he exclaimed in some surprise ; * are ijou 
back again in England '?' 



68 AT MARKET VALUE 

• Yes, so it seems,' the American replied, trying to 
calm himself outwardly. ' I got back on Tuesday.' 

* Last Tuesday as ever was ?' Eeggie cried. 
' Yes, just so : last Tuesday.' 

'And lost no time in hunting Kitty up!' Eeggie 
went on, with a broad smile. This was really most 
promising. He knew the American, though an artist 
by choice, was reputed one of the richest business men 
in Philadelphia. It looked extremely healthy that he 
should have been in such a hurry to hunt up Kathleen. 
'My first visit was to Miss Hesslegrave,' Mortimer 
answered with truth, feeling on his side the immense 
importance of conciliating Kathleen's only brother and 
sole surviving relation. 

Eeggie drew a long breath. Could anything have 
been more opportune? How pat comes fate! The 
moment had just arrived when he stood in sorest need 
of a wealthy brother-in-law ; and now, in the nick of 
time, on the very crest of opportunity, here was chance 
itself throwing the pick of wealthy brothers-in-law 
right in his path, as it were, like a crooked sixpence : 
for, though Rufus Mortimer tried to look and speak as 
unconcernedly as he could about his visit to Kitty, 
there was something in his voice and manner which 
showed Eeggie quite clearly the nature of his errand 
at Kensington that morning. Eeggie had suspected 
as much, indeed, since the first summer Mortimer 



RE-ENTER MORTIMER 69 

spent in his own hired house in London ; but it was 
pLain as the sun in the sky to him that moment what 
he meant; if Kathleen chose she could marry the 
millionaire, and thereby confer on her loving brother 
the inestimable boon of a moneyed relation. 

' I'm proud to hear it,' Reggie responded with 
warmth. * She's a good girl, Kitty ; and she's worth 
a fellow's calling upon. I like her myself. She's the 
very best sister any fellow ever hit upon.' Which was 
perfectly true, much more so, indeed, than Mr. Reggie 
himself ever fully realized. 

So he mounted the stairs in a bland good-humour, 
the unpleasantness of having to confess his marriage 
to Kathleen being now much mitigated by the con- 
soling consciousness that, if Kathleen chose, she could 
probably annex the richest American that moment in 
London. Most characteristically, too, Reggie thought 
of it all entirely from that one point of view ; it wasn't 
really a question of a husband for Kitty, but of an 
eligible brother-in-law for Reginald Hesslegrave. 



CHAPTER XX. 



A FAMILY COUNCIL. 



Reggie entered the room in the best of high spirits. 
They were confirmed by observing that Kitty had tears 
in her eyes — an excellent sign : she had evidently been 
crying. Hence Mr. Reggie acutely concluded that 
Mortimer must have proposed to her, and been re- 
fused for the moment, though not, of course, neces- 
sarily in a definitive fashion. Reggie was dimly 
aware, to be sure, as a brother may be, that there was 
Somebody at Venice ; and he had drawn for himself 
the vague and formless inference that this Somebody, 
as he mentally put it in his own dialect, had failed to 
come up to the scratch with Kitty. Hence these 
weepings. But, then, girls are so stupid ! If the 
fellow at Venice couldn't be brought to propose, why, 
it was clearly Kitty's duty, for her family's sake, to 
accept at once so eligible an offer as Rufus Mortimer's, 
especially when a brother could say, with Reggie, 



A FAMILY COUNCIL 71 

'La famille, c'est moi!' Then her proper course 
shone forth with pecuHar obviousness. 

So lieggie entered his sister's room in the famiUar 
fraternal mood of the man who isn't going to put up 
with any feminine nonsense. 

Kathleen greeted him rather coolly. In point of 
fact, having just been deeply stirred, she was in no 
mood at the moment for receiving Reggie. She kept 
her eyes as much averted from her brother as possible, 
and strove to prevent them from catching Eeggie's at 
awkward angles. Still, Reggie could see very well 
she had been crying, and could observe from her 
manner that she was a good deal agitated. That was 
all most satisfactory. He dropped into an easy-chair 
with a careless fraternal air ; and thinking it best to 
blurt the whole thing out at once without needless 
prologue, he looked across at her narrowly as he 
uttered the enigmatical words : 

* Well, Kitty, I've come to receive your congratula- 
tions.' 

* Congratulations?' Kathleen responded, taken aback. 
* On what, my dear boy '? Have they raised your 
salary ?' 

* Not they !' Reggie answered, smiling. * Catch 'em 
at it ! That's all ! They never appreciate modest 
merit. Besides, I don't take much stock in stock- 
broking. The game ain't worth it, except, of course, 



72 AT MARKET VALUE 

for principala. No, Kitsy, it isn't that. It's some- 
thing much more important.' He caressed his 
moustache. ' Can't you guess,' he said, ' what a man's 
most likely to ask his sister to congratulate him on ?' 

Kathleen's fears rose high at once. When Reggie 
wanted money, he addressed her as Kitty : but when 
it got to Kitsy, a most unusual diminutive of extreme 
affection, she felt sure he must mean to come down 
upon her for absolutely unprecedented advances. 

' You're not engaged, are you, Reggie ?' she faltered 
out in a feeble voice. ' For if you are, I'm sure it's very 
wrong indeed of you. You can't keep yourself, so 
you've surely no right to think of burdening me with 
someone else also.' 

Reggie's lip curled slightly. 

' What a girl you are ! ' he cried with a faint dash of 
disdain. ' Taking such a low monetary point of view 
about everything ! One would think getting married 
was a mere matter of £ s. d. Not a touch of senti- 
ment in it. No, Kitsy, it isn't an engagement I want 
you to congratulate me on ; it's something a vast deal 
more interesting and important.' Reggie drew him- 
self up to his utmost height in his chair as he sat. 
' The fact is, Kitty, I'm already married.' 

' Married !' Kathleen exclaimed with a sudden burst 
of alarm. ' Oh, Reggie, what do you mean ? Who is 
it ? and when did you marry her ?' 



A FAMILY COUNCIL 73 

'Florrie Clarke,' Reggie answered, producing her 
photograph with just pride from his pocket— and, 
indeed, Florrie was a personable little body enough, 
whom anybody might be proud of from the point of 
view of external appearance. ' Who else could it be ? 
We were married on Wednesday,' 

Kathleen gazed at the portrait for a moment in 
silence. Her heart misgave her. 

* Well, she looks a nice little thing,' she said after 
an ominous pause ; * and I should think a good girl, 
too : she's certainly pretty. But why didn't you tell 
me before, lieggie, and introduce your bride to me ?' 

' One's people are so unreasonable,' Eeggie answered, 
with a hasty gesture. * I don't blame it on you, Kitsy ; 
I know you can't help it ; it belongs to the race : it's 
only the fixed habit of the vertebrate animals one calls 
one's people.' 

• Well, but she's such a good match from one point 
of view,' Kathleen went on, undoubtedly relieved to 
find Eeggie had at least chosen a wife for himself from 
a well-to-do family ; for the name and the fame of 
Spider Clarke had already reached her ears— as, 
indeed, whose had they not? 'Her people may not 
be very desirable acquaintances, so far as culture and 
manners go— I remember dear mother would never 
let you bring them to her rooms while she lived — but 
at least they're wealthy, and that's always something. 



74 AT MARKET VALUE 

It will relieve you from responsibility. How on earth 
did you get Mr. Clarke to consent to the marriage ?' 

* We didn't get him,' Reggie answered with careless 
ease. * We took the liberty, in point of fact, to dis- 
pense with asking him. Charlie Owen gave her 
away ; and extremely paternal Charlie looked, I can 
tell you, as he stood up on his hind-legs in Kensington 
Church and did it.' 

' But you haven't obtained Mr. Clarke's consent !' 
Kathleen cried, taken aback, and once more alarmed. 
* Well, how can you tell, then, that he'll approve of 
it ? Perhaps he'll refuse to do anything to help you.' 

* Commercial again !' Reggie responded with an 
aggrieved air as of the poetical sentimentalist. ' In- 
grainedly commercial ! You talk like a greengrocer. 
You can't think of anything but the money aspect of 
the question. I call it sordid. Here's your brother, 
Kitsy — your own and only brother — comes to you with 
his full heart to announce to you in his joy that he's 
married to the sweetest, dearest, prettiest, cleverest, 
sauciest, most delicious little girl in all England ; and 
what do you do ? rush up to him, and kiss him, and 
rejoice with him, and congratulate him? Oh dear 
no ! Not a bit of it ! That's not your way. You 
begin by inquiring straight off what the lady's worth, 
and debating whether or not her papa will be inclined 
to fork out the dibs for her. However, there's a cure 



A FAMILY COUNCIL 75 

for all that, I'm jolly glad to say. Kitty, you're 
behind the times. You don't read the papers. You 
neglect the literature and the journalinm of your 

country.' 

* What do you mean ?' Kathleen cried, trembling, 
and suspecting now some nameless evil. ' It hasn't 
been put in the papers ? Oh, Reggie, don't say so ! 
You haven't done anything dreadful and impossible, 

have you ?' 

' Me ? Dear me, no, my dear child,' Reggie an- 
swered airily. 'I'm a model, myself, of all the 
domestic virtues. But the reason we didn't ask old 
Clarke's consent, my respected father-in-law's, is 
simply and solely this— that the respected father-in-law 
in question happens to be this moment lying in gaol, 
awaiting his trial on a charge of fraud of the first 
magnitude. That is all, my dear Kitty.' 

* Fraud !' Kathleen exclaimed, drawing back. ' Oh, 
Keggie, you don't mean it. I thought he was so rich. 
What could he want to commit fraud for?' 

' How do people get rich, I should like to know, if 
they don't begin by being fraudulent?' Reggie re- 
sponded with easy-going cynicism. 'But he ain't 
rich ; that's just it. Old Clarke's gone busted. He's 
no more good, any way. He's smashed eternally. 
Come a regular cropper, the Spider has. Precious 
awkward for poor Florrie !' 



76 AT MARKET VALUE 

* But perhaps he's innocent,' Kathlecii cried, clutch- 
ing at a last straw. ' We should always think every- 
body innocent, dear mother used to say, till they're 
proved to be guilty.' 

'Perhaps you're innocent,' Eeggie echoed in a tone 
of half disgust, half amusement. ' Very innocent in- 
deed. As innocent as they make 'em. But it won't 
do, Kitsy. It isn't good enough. Old Clarke's 
smashed up. He's gone a juicy one. Smashed him- 
self, they say, over the Axminster estate. But any- 
how, he's smashed ; not a piece of him left whole. 
Might have been better, don't you know, if he could 
have managed to clear out a good month ago to Buenos 
Ayres ; but as it is, not a penny ; not a dot ; not a 
stiver. Twenty years is what he'll get. Florrie's 
awfully cut up about it.' 

* And you've married her all the same ?' Kathleen 
cried, clasping her hands, not without a certain in- 
ternal tinge of pride, after all, that Reggie should at 
least have behaved like a gentleman. 

Reggie drew himself up once more, and looked 
important. He stroked his moustache still more 
fondly than ever. Consciousness of rectitude shone 
from every line in his sleek round face. 

* Why, of course I have,' he answered. ' What else 
could a fellow do ? I hope I'm a gentleman. I went 
to her at Rutland Gate— telegram down to the City — 



A FAMILY COUNCIL 77 

" Come at once— deepest distress— must see you.— 
Florrie." And there I found the poor dear child in 
an agony of misery, crying and tearing her hair, which 
is short and black and one of her chief attractions. 
Seems she was just thrown overboard by a wretch of 
a cavalry man, whom her father and mother had 
compelled her to accept against her will instead of 
me. " Florrie," said I, " forget him, and come back 
to the arms of your one true lover." She flew to me 
like a bird, and nestled on my shoulder. '' I'd marry 
you," said I, " if your father was ten thousand times 
a fraudulent bankrupt." And marry her I just did. 
So there's the long and the short of it.' 

'You acted quite right,' Kathleen said, unable to 
resist a woman's natural approbation for the man who 
follows the impulse of his better nature. 

Eeggie seized his one chance. This was the thin 

end of the wedge. 

' So I think,' he said complacently. ' And now the 
question is, how the dickens am I to pull through? 
I mean, what's to be done about ways and means ? 
For of course, as you justly say, if I can't support 
myself, far less can I support myself and Florrie 

also.' 

' But you should have thought of that beforehand,' 

Kathleen put in, drawing back. 

It began to strike her that, after all, there was 



78 AT MARKET VALUE 

nothing so self-devoted in marrying a girl at a pinch, 
if you propose to make your sister bear the burden of 
supporting her. 

Thereupon they fell at once into committee of ways 
and means, relieved now and again by frequent declara- 
tions on Keggie's part that a sweeter, dearer, more 
bewitching girl than Florrie didn't really exist on the 
entire land -surface of this oblate spheroid. 

Kathleen was glad he w is so well suited with Spider 
Clarke's daughter, though she doubted the stock ; and 
then, like a good woman that she was, reproached her- 
self bitterly in her own mind for doubting it. But the 
longer they stuck at it, the less they seemed to arrive 
at any fixed decision. All Reggie could assert was his 
own absolute incapacity to earn a penny more than he 
was at present earning, coupled with the pleasing 
information that his exchequer was just now in its 
normally tlaccid and depleted condition, and tluit his 
bills were (as always) in excess of his expectations. 
As for the Clarkes, Eeggie observed with a complacent 
smile, they were simply stone-broke; a most jammy 
affair; not a penny need be looked for from that 
direction. The old man had spent his tin as fast as 
he made it, and faster ; and now the crash had come, 
there were liabilities considerably in excess of the 
assets — a piece of information the technical sound of 
which pleased Eeggie so immensely that he repeated 



A FAMILY COUNCIL 79 

it over several times in various contexts for liis sister's 

ecUtication. 

At last, however, he ventured bit by bit upon a 

tentative suggestion. 

' There's only one way out of it,' he said, glancing 
sideways at Kathleen, ' and that lies entirely with you. 
If my creditors once learn I've got married without 
prospects, and to the Spider's daughter, why, they'll 
simply drop down on me. Scrunch, scrunch, they'll 
crush me. They'll press me for payment till I'm half 
mad with worry ; and then I shall go and do one of two 
things— Waterloo Bridge or the Bankruptcy Court.' 

' Oh, Eeggie,' Kathleen cried, ' not Waterloo Bridge ! 
How cruel ! how wicked of you !' 

Keggie saw his cue at once. That was the way, 
then, to work it. He enlarged forthwith upon the 
nothingness and hollo wness of this present hf e, and the 
ease of ending it, as the poet observes, with a bare 
bodkin. For Florrie's sake, indeed, he could have 
wished it might be otherwise ; but it no work were 
forthcoming, it would be easier for Florrie to starve 
alone than to starve in company. He dwelt upon 
these themes till he had thoroughly succeeded in 
frightening poor Kathleen. Then he turned upon her 

once more. 

' And if you chose,' he cried bitterly, ' you could 
make it all right for me in a single minute.' 



8o AT MARKET VALUE 

* How SO?' Ka,thleGn asked, trembling. 

* Why, how about Mortimer ?' Eeggie cried, spring- 
ing a mine upon her. 

* Mortimer ?' Kathleen repeated. ' How about Mr. 
Mortimer ? Why, what on earth has he to do with 
the matter, Reggie ?' 

*0h, you needn't look such a blessed innocent,' 
Reggie answered, smiling. * / know all about Mor- 
timer. He'd propose to you like u shot, if only you'd 
have him. And for your family's sake, I say, it's your 
duty to have him. You know he would, as well as I 
do. So that's about the size of it.' 

* Oh, Eeggie, how can you ?' Kathleen cried, the 
tears rising to her eyes. * I could never marry 
him.' 

* That's just as you like,' Reggie answered calmly. 
* I don't want to bias you. If you prefer me to go 
over Waterloo Bridge, I'm sure I've no objection. I 
don't desire to be selfish, like some other people, and 
insist on having my own way, no matter who suffers 
for it. It's a very easy thing to take a header over 
the bridge in this nice warm weather. Only, for poor 
Florrie's sake, I confess I should have preferred to 
fight it out in this world a little longer.' 

* But I'm not selfish,' Kathleen cried, hit on her 
tenderest point. * Oh, Reggie, don't say you think 
me selfish. I'd do anything to serve you, dear, except 



A FAMILY COUNCIL 8 1 

only that. But that one thing I can't. Oh, Eeggie, 
don't ask it of me.' 

She spoke with so much earnestness that Reggie 
saw he had a chance of gaining his point if he went 
on with it resokitely. So he answered in a sullen 
voice : 

* Oh yes, of course ; you'd do anything on earth 
except the one thing that's any use to try. That's 
always the way with people. They'd kill themselves 
to help you ; but they won't stretch out a hand in the 
only direction possible. You'd sooner see your brother 
starve, or drive him to suicide, than make an effort to 
help him by marrying Rufus Mortimer.' 

' Eeggie,' Kathleen exclaimed, driven to bay, ' you 
don't understand. I love somebody else ; that's why 
I can't marry him.' 

* So I gathered,' Reggie answered with perfect cool- 
ness. ' And the somebody else won't come up to the 
scratch ; so you may as well regard him as a vanish- 
ing factor, as we say in the City. He's out of the 
running. Well, then accept it. What's the matter 
with Rufus Mortimer ? that's what I want to know. 
He's rich ; he's a gentleman ; he's good-looking ; he's 
artistic ; he's everything else on earth any woman 
could want, except — well, except that he's not the 
other fellow. Are you going to let your brother go 
and die before your eyes, just because you won't take 

VOL. II. 19 



82 AT MARKET VALUE 

a man any girl but you would be delighted to have a 

chance of?' 

"'Oh, Eeggie, how dreadful of you!' Kathleen cried. 
' 1 can't bear to hear you speak of it all as if it were a 
mere matter of business arrangement. I love the other 
man ; I don't love Mr. Mortimer.' 

* He's a very good fellow,' Reggie answered, hand 
on lip once more. ' If only you made up your mind 
to it, you'd soon learn to like him.' 

*I like him already,' Kathleen admitted frankly. 
' He's a very nice fellow ; a dear good fellow ; so kind, 
so generous, so chivalrous, so unselfish.' 

* Well, there you are,' Eeggie repHed, folding his 
hands resignedly. * If you feel like that towards him 
already, why, of course, if you got engaged, you'd very 
soon be in love with him.' 

* I could never be out of love with the other,' Kath- 
leen faltered, half wavering. 

'That's quite unimportant,' Eeggie answered with 
equal frankness. ' As long as you feel you can marry 
Mortimer, I'd leave the other man to stand his even 
chance, like Jamie in the poem. You wouldn't be the 
first woman— nor the last by a long chalk— who has 
married her second best, and jogged along very well 

with him.' 

' I'm afraid that's true,' Kathleen responded, sighing. 
And indeed it was. 'Tis the tragedy of our century. 



A FAMILY COUNCIL 83 

' Well, I'm going soon,' Reggie observed, starting 
up with a theatrical air. * And if you should happen 
to hear the newsboys calling out to-morrow morning, 
'* Shocldn' Suicide of a Gentleman from Waterloo 
Bridge !" don't let it give you a turn. I'm not worth 
bothering about.' 

' Eeggie,' Kathleen cried, clinging to him, * you 
mustn't go like that. I am afraid to let you go. You 
make me so frightened. Promise me you'll do nothing 
silly till you've seen me again. If you will, I'll think 
it over, and try what I can to help you. But you 
must promise me faithfully. Oh, Reggie, do promise me.' 

' I don't know whether I can,' Eeggie responded 
dubiously. 

* You must,' Kathleen exclaimed. * Oh, Reggie, you 
frighten me. Do promise me jou won't, and I'll try 
to think it over.' 

'Well, I'll wait till to-morrow, and then I'll see 
you again,' Reggie answered doggedly. * But, mind, I 
only say till I see you to-morrow.' 

Kathleen trembled all over. 

• Very well, dear,' she answered. He was her only 
brother, and with that wonderful tie of blood which 
binds us all to the foolishest or worst of manliind, she 
was very, very fond of him. 

Reggie turned from the threshold with his hand on 
the door-plate. 



84 AT MARKET VALUE 

'Oh, by the way,' he said casually, 'you don't 
happen to have such a thing as a couple of sovereigns 
you could lend me, just for Florrie's immediate neces- 
sities ; bread and cheese, and so forth; till we've 
decided this question, and I know whether I'm to go 
over the bridge or not, and whether her address in 
future is to be Kensington Workhouse ?' 

Kathleen pulled out her scanty purse, now entirely 
replenished by her own earnings as an artist, and drew 
from it two sovereigns, which she handed him regret- 
fully. She had made up her mind a hundred times 
over already she would never be silly enough to lend 
him money again ; and here, for the hundred and 
first time, she found herself doing it. 

'Thanks,' Reggie said with careless ease, dropping 
them into his waistcoat pocket, as though money were 
nothing to him. ' Well, good-evening, Kitsy. Think 
it over by yourself ; and don't let your sentimental 
fancy drive your brother to despair ; that's all I beg 

of you.' 

After which, being worn out with this painful inter- 
view, and feeling the need of rest and amusement, he 
stopped at the box office of the Court Theatre on his 
way down town, and engaged two stalls for that night 
for himself and Florrie. 



CHAPTEK XXI. 

THE WISE WOMAN. 

As soon as Eeggie was gone, poor Kathleen delivered 
herself over to pure unadulterated searchings of spirit. 
The world, indeed, is pretty equally divided between 
people who have no scruples of conscience at all, and 
people who allow their scruples of conscience to run 
away with them. Now, Kathleen Hesslegrave be- 
longed to the latter unfortunate self-torturing class. 
She had terrible fears of her own as to what she 
should do about Eeggie. Of course, no outsider who 
knew Mr. Eeginald's character as well as she did 
would ever for a moment have been silly enough to 
believe he really contemplated suicide ; he was far too 
much of a physical and moral coward ever to dream 
of jumping over Waterloo Bridge ; for though it may 
be cowardly in one sense to run away from the respon- 
sibilities and difficulties of life, yet none the less it is 
often still deeper cowardice that prevents many people 



86 AT MARKET VALUE 

from having recourse to that cowardly refuge. To 
Kathleen, however, the danger envisaged itself as a 
real and menacing one. When it comes to one's own 
relations, one is more credulous in these matters, and 
more timorous of giving the slightest handle for 
offence. The threat of suicide is the easiest form of 
thumbscrew that a selfish, unscrupulous, and weak- 
minded lad can apply to the moral feelings of his 
relations. 

Moreover, Eeggie had happened upon a fortunate 
moment. When he called that day, Kathleen had 
just been dseply impressed byKufus Mortimer's good- 
ness and generosity ; indeed, she had said to herself, 
as Kufus Mortimer left the room : * If only I had 
never met Arnold Willoughby, I really believe I could 
have loved that man dearly.' So when Eeggie began 
to throw out his dark hints of approachmg suicide, 
Kathleen seriously debated in her own mind whether 
or not it was her duty to save him from such a fate by 
marrying the man who had shown himself so truly 
and disinterestedly devoted to her. All that night, 
she lay awake and reasoned with herself wearily. 
Reggie wasn't worth all the trouble she bestowed upon 
him. Early next morning she rose, and wrote him in 
haste half a dozen long letters, one after the other, all 
of which she tore up as soon as she had finished 
them. It is so hard to know what to do in such diffi- 



THE WISE WOMAN 87 

cult circumstances. Kathleen wondered and waited 
and argued with her own heart, and worried her poor 
conscience with interminable questions. 

After breakfast, a light burst upon her. Why not 
go and talk the whole matter over with Mrs. Irving ? 
Now, Mrs. Irving was a friend whose acquaintance she 
had made some years before on the quays at Venice ; 
a painter like herself, older, and cleverer, and a great 
deal more successful. Her face was beautiful, Kath- 
leen always thought, with the beauty of holiness ; a 
chastened and saddened face, with marks of its past 
stamped deep upon its features. Her silvery hair was 
prematurely gray ; but the light in her eye showed 
her younger by a decade than one might otherwise 
have judged her. It was a happy inspiration on 
Kathleen's part to go to her ; for when a girl is in 
doubt, she can seldom do better than take the advice 
of some older woman in whom she has confidence, and 
who can look at the matter at issue from the im- 
personal standpoint. 'Tis that very impersonality 
that is so important an element in all these questions; 
you get rid of the constant disturbing factor of your 
own emotions. 

Now, a certain halo of mystery always surrounded 
Mrs. Irving. Who Mr. Irving was, or whether, indeed, 
there was still or was not a Mr. Irvmg at all, Kathleen 
never knew. Whenever their talk had approached 



88 AT MARKET VALUE 

that topic, Kathleen noticed that her friend gUded 
carefully over the thin ice in the opposite direction, 
and distracted the conversation by imperceptible 
degrees from Mr. Irving's neighbom-hood. Neverthe- 
less, there had been always some surmise and gossip 
about the hypothetical husband at Venetian tea-tables ; 
for you may take it as an invariable rule in life, that 
whenever a woman, no matter how innocently, lives 
apart from her husband, she will always abide under 
the faint shadow of a social cloud ; let it be twenty 
times his fault, and twenty times her misfortune, yet 
it is she, and not he, who will have to pay the price 
for it. So the petty world of EngUsh Venice had 
always looked a little askance at Mrs. Irving as 'a 
woman, don't you know, who's living apart from her 
husband ' — and then, with an ugly sneer — ' that is to 
say, if she has one.' But to Kathleen, the beautiful 
woman with the prematurely gray hair was simply the 
dearest and kindest of friends, the most trustworthy 
person she had ever come across. 

It was to Mrs. Irving, then, that Kathleen went at 
once to impart her difficulty about Eeggie and Kufus 
Mortimer. Her friend Ustened to her with tender 
interest and instinctive sympathy. As soon as Kath- 
leen had finished, the elder woman rose and kissed her 
forehead affectionately. 

* Now tell me, dear,' she said, gazing into Kathleen's 



THE WISE WOMAN 89 

frank eyes, * if your sailor were to come back to you, 
would you love him still ?' For Kathleen had only 
described Arnold Willoughby's reasons for leaving 
Venice in the most general terms, and had never 
betrayed his secret as to the Earldom of Axminster. 

* I love him now, as 't is,' Kathleen answered can- 
didly : • of course I should love him then. I love him 
better than I did before he left me, Mrs. Irving. I 
seem to love him more the longer he stays away from 
me.' 

* And you don't love Mr. Mortimer ?' Mrs. Irving 
said once more. 

* No,' Kathleen answered. ' I only like him and 
respect him immensely. But Eeggie seems to think 
that's all that's necessary.' 

The security was insufficient ; but 'tis so that 
good women will bow to the opinion of their men 
relations. Mrs. Irving took the girl's two hands 
between her own caressingly. A beautiful middle- 
aged woman, with soft wavy hair, and that chastened 
loveliness which comes to beautiful women with the 
touch of a great sorrow, she revolted in soul against 
this fraternal despotism. 

* Eeggie !' she cried with a little contempt in her 
tone. ' What has Eeggie to do with it ? It's your- 
self and the two men and the essential truth of things 
you have to reckon with first. Kathleen, dear Kath- 



90 AT MARKET VALUE 

leen, never believe that specious falsehood people 
sometimes would foist upon you about the unselfish- 
ness of marrying a man you don't really love, for the 
sake of your family. It isn't unselfishness at all ; it's 
injustice, cruelty, moral cowardice, infamy. The 
most wrong thing any woman can do in life is to sell 
herself for money where her heart is untouched. It's 
not merely wrong ; it's disgrace ; it's dishonour. Out 
of the bitterness of my heart, my mouth speaketh. 
Shall I tell you my own story, dear ? It happened in 
this way. When I was young, very young— only just 
seventeen — my mother was left with a tiny little 
income. It was almost less than would keep us three 
alive, herself and me and my sister Olive. Then 
Colonel Irving saw me, and was taken with me for 
the moment; he was a very rich man, years older 
than myself, and one of the biggest ofiicials on 
the Council in India. He proposed to me. I was 
frightened, though, girl-like, I was flattered ; and I 
told my mother. Instead of telling me to avoid the 
snare, she begged and prayed me to accept him. 

* '' But I don't love him," I said. 

' " You will," my mother answered. 

' I knew I was doing wrong ; but when one's only 
seventeen, one hardly quite realizes that when you 
marry once you marry for a lifetime. I accepted 
him at last, under that horrid mistaken notion that 



THE WISE WOMAN 91 

I was sacrificing myself nobly for my mother's sake, 
and was so very unselfish. He took me out to India. 
For a year or two we lived together, not happily, 
indeed — I can never say it was happily, but without 
open rupture. Then Colonel Irving saw plainly that, 
though he had bought me and paid for me, I didn't 
and couldn't love him. I did my best, it's true, to 
carry out as far ns I could that wicked and cruel 
bargain ; I tried to like him ; I tried to act fairly to 
him. But all the time I felt it was degradation, 
misery, pollution, wickedness. And he saw it too. I 
have no word of blame for him. At last, one morning, 
he disappeared suddenly, and left a note behind him. 
He had gone oft' to Europe, and — somebody else had 
gone with him.' 

* And then ?' Kathleen asked, bending forward. 

* Well, then, dear, I felt it was all over, and I knew 
it was my fault, because I hadn't had the moral courage 
at first to say no outright to him. I did what no 
woman ought ever to do — let him take my hand when 
my heart was not his ; and I had to pay the penalty 
of it. And so will you, too, if you do as I did. One 
way or the other, you will have to pay the penalty. 
He was just to me after his lights ; severely just— I 
might almost say generous ; he offered to make me an 
allowance of half his income. But I wrote back and 
said no. I would never again take a penny that was 



92 AT MARKET VALUE 

his. I would earn my own living. So I began at art, 
in a small way at first ; and I worked on at it with a 
will till I could keep myself easily. Then I did more 
than that. I worked and saved till I could send him 
one day a cheque for every penny he had ever spent 
upon me. He refused to receive it. I refused to 
take it back. I sent the money, in his name, in 
gold, to his banker's. He wouldn't touch it. And 
there it lies to this day, and neither of us will 
claim it.' 

* That was splendid of you !' Kathleen cried. 

* No, my dear; it was just. Nothing more than bare 
justice. I had made a hateful bargain, which no 
woman should ever make, for the sake of her own 
dignity, her own purity, her own honour ; and I was 
bound to do the best I could do to unmake it. But I 
tell you all this now, that you may see for yourself 
how wrong it is for any woman to do as I did ; that 
you may learn to avoid my mistake betimes, Reggie 
or no Eeggie, while it may yet be avoided.' 

* You're right,' Kathleen said, drawing back with a 
sudden flash of conviction. 'It's debasing and degrad- 
ing, when one fairly faces it. But what am I to do ? 
Reggie declares if I don't marry Mr. Mortimer he'll 
commit suicide instantly. He's in a dreadful state of 
mind. I had to make him promise last night he 
wouldn't do anything rash till he saw me to-day ; and 



THE WISE WOMAN 93 

even now I don't know what he may have done mean- 
while, as soon as he got alone, and was left by himself 
with his remorse and misery.' 

'Eeggie!' Mrs. Irving exclaimed, with a sudden 
melodious drop from the sublime to the ridiculous. 
'Oh, my dear, don't you trouble your head for a 
moment about him. He's as right as ninepence. TL's 
not going to commit suicide. Eemorse and misery ! 
Why, I was at the Court Theatre in the boxes last 
night, and there, if you please, was Master Eeggie in 
the stalls, with a pretty young woman, close-cropped 
and black-haired, with a cheek like a ripe peach, who, 
I suppose, was his Florrie. They were eating Neapo- 
litan ices all through the interlude, and neither of 
them seemed to have the slightest intention of com- 
mitting suicide in the immediate future.' 

That was a fortunate accident for Kathleen. It 
relieved her mind immensely for the moment; it 
decided her that Mrs. Irving's advice was sound, and 
that she would be doing injustice to her own higher 
nature if, for Reggie's sake, she accepted the man she 
didn't love, to the exclusion of the man she loved so 

dearly. 

But while Kathleen was discussing this matter thus 
earnestly with Mrs. Irving, her brother Eeggie, on his 
way down to the City, had managed to drop in for a 
few minutes' conversation with Rufus Mortimer at his 



94 AT MARKET VALUE 

house in Great Stanhope Street. He had called, 
indeed, for a double diplomatic purpose, cloaked 
beneath a desire to see Mortimer at dinner with his 
wife on Saturday. 

* Our rooms are small,' Eeggie said airily, with the 
consummate grace of a great gentleman extending an 
invitation to a lordly banquet in his ancestral halls ; 
* we've hardly space for ourselves even to turn about 
in them; and as to swinging a cat, why, it would 
almost amount to culpable cruelty. But we should be 
delighted to see you at our annexe, the Criterion — first 
door on the right as you enter the big gate — dinner 
a la carte, best of its kind in London. Half-past 
seven, did I say ? Yes, that will suit us admirably. 
Florrie's longing to see you, I've told her so much 
about you.' 

'Why?' Mortimer asked, with a smile, half guessing 
the reason himself. 

Keggie smirked and hesitated. 

' Well, I thought it not improbable from what I saw 
and heard,' he answered at last with affected delicacy, 
'that we might — in future — under certain contingencies 
— see a good deal more of you.' 

And he looked at his man meaningly. 

Kufus Mortimer was reserved, as is the American 
habit ; but he couldn't help following out this decided 
trail. By dexterous side-hints, he began questioning 



THE WISE WOMAN 95 

Eeggie as to Kathleen's intentions ; whereupon Reggie, 
much rejoiced that Mortimer should so easily fall into 
his open trap, made answer in the direction that best 
suited his own interests. He rendered it tolerably 
clear by obscure suggestions that Kathleen had once 
been in love, and still considered herself to be so ; but 
that, in her brother's opinion, the affection was wear- 
ing out, was by no means profound, and might be 
easily overcome; moreover, that she cherished for 
Rufus Mortimer himself a feeling which was capable 
of indefinite intensification. All this Reggie hinted at 
great length in the most roundabout way ; but he left 
in the end no doubt at all upon Rufus Mortimer's 
mind as to his real meaning. By the time Mr. Reginald 
rose to go, Mortimer was quite convinced that he 
might still win Kathleen's heart, and that her brother 
would be a most powerful auxiliary in his campaign, 
to have secured whose good-will was no slight advan- 
tage. 

At the door Reggie paused. 

* Dear me !' he said, feeling abstractedly in his 
waistcoat pocket ; ' I've left my purse at home, and 
I meant to take a cab. I'm late already, and now 
I'll have to tramp it. That's a dreadful nuisance, 
for they're death on punctuality at our office in the 

City.' 

* Can I lend you a few shillings ?' the unsuspecting 



96 AT MARKET VALUE 

American asked, too innocent to see through Mr. 
Eeginald's peculiar tactics. 

* Oh, thanks, awfully,' Reggie answered in his non- 
chalant way, as if it were the smallest matter in the 
world. * I should be glad of a sovereign. I can pay it 
back on Saturday when we meet at the Criterion.' 

* I've nothing less than a fiver,' Mortimer observed, 
drawing it out. 

Reggie's hands closed over the piece of paper like a 
shot. 

' Oh, it's all the same,' he replied, with a smile he 
could hardly suppress, sticking it carelessly into his 
pocket. ' I'm awfully obliged to you. It's so awkward 
to go out without one's purse in London. Ta-ta, then, 
till Saturday.' 

* He's going to be my brother-in-law,' Reggie thought 
complacently to himself as he descended the stairs ; 
' and, after all, a gentleman may borrow any day from 
his brother-in-law.' 

So firmly did he act upon this prospective relation- 
ship, indeed, that this was only the first of many suc- 
cessive fivers, duly entered in Rufus Mortimer's book 
of expenditure as * Advanced on loan to K. H.'s 
brother.' But notes of their repayment on the credit 
side were strangely absent. 

Nay, so much elated was the honest-hearted young 
American at this fraternal visit, with the opportunity 



THE WISE WOMAN 97 

it afforded him of doing some slight service to a 
member of Kathleen's family, that, as soon as Reggie 
was gone, he sat down and indited a letter full of love 
and hope to Kathleen herself, declaring that he would 
honestly do his best to find Arnold Willoughby, but 
asking with much fervour whether, if he failed in that 
quest, there would yet be any chance for any other 
suitor. He wrote it in a white heat of passionate 
devotion. 

It was a letter that Kathleen could not read 
without tears in her eyes; for no woman is unsus- 
ceptible to the pleasure of receiving a declaration of 
love, couched in ardent terms, from a man she can 
respect and admire, even if she cannot accept him. 
But she sat down, none the less, and answered it at 
once, with tenderness and tact, in the decided nega- 
tive. 

' Your letter has touched me deeply,' she said, * as 
all your kindness always does ; and if I could say yes 
to any man, apart from Him, I could say yes to you, 
dear Mr. Mortimer. If I had never met Him, I might 
perhaps have loved you dearly. But I have loved one 
man too well in my time ever to love a second ; and 
whether I find him again or not, my mind is quite 
made up — I cannot and will not give myself to any 
other. I speak to you frankly, because from the very 




98 AT MARKET VALUE 

first you have known my secret, and because I can 
trust and respect and like you. But if ever I meet 
him again, I shall be his, and his only ; and his only 
I must be if I never again meet him.' 

Mortimer read the letter with dim eyes; tnen he 
folded it up with reverence, and placed it securely in 
a leather case in his pocket. There he carried it for 
many days, and often looked at it. Rejection though 
it was, it yet gave him a strange delight to read over 
and over again those simple words : 

' If I could say yes to any man, apart from Him, I 
could say yes to you, dear Mr. Mortimer.' 



CHAPTEK XXII. 

ISLES OF WINTEE. 

Arnold Willoughby had a strong constitution ; but 
that second summer in the Northern seas told upon 
his health even more seriously than all his previous 
seafaring. Perhaps it was the result of his great dis- 
appointment ; perhaps it was the sense of nothing left 
in this life to live for ; but, at any rate, he grew thin and 
weak, and lost heart for his work, in a way that was 
unusual with so vigorous a sailor. The skipper, as he 
looked at him, thought Willoughby wouldn't ever be 
fit for another sealing voyage — thought it in that hard, 
purely objective way that is habitual to skippers in 
dealing with seamen. And Arnold Willoughby him- 
self began to recognise the fact that he was growing ill 
and worn with these continued hardships. Life had 
been a failure for him. His day was over. He was 
one of those, he feared, who must go to the wall in the 
ceaseless struggle for life which nature imposes upon us. 



lOO 



AT MARKET VALUE 



But, at any rate, he would go to the wall like a man 
—he would live or die on his own poor earnings. He 
never went back for a moment upon the principles he 
had established for himself in early manhood. From 
the day when he saw his cousin Algy's claim admitted 
in full by the House of Lords, he considered himself 
as nothing more than Arnold Willoughby, an able- 
bodied seaman— and not even that now, as things 
were taking him. Yet he was himself, for all that. 
Even though you go sealing on the Greenland coasts, 
you can't quite get rid of the cultivated habits and 
tastes of a gentleman. Arnold Willoughby, for his 
part, never desired to get rid of them. He loved the 
things of the mind in spite of everything. During his 
earlier years of apprenticeship to the perils of the sea, 
he had yearned for art ; now he had given up art for 
the moment, he took in its place to literature. The 
sailors in the fo'c'sle of the Sheriff Ivory, of Dundee, 
were much amused from time to time at AVilloughby's 
rummy way of writing at odd moments in a pocket- 
book he kept by him ; and, indeed, at all spare hours 
he was engaged by himself in a curious piece of work 
whose meaning and import the average mariner's mind 
could hardly fathom. He was deciphering and translat- 
ing the EHzabethan English sailor's manuscript which 
he had picked up by accident in the little shop at Venice. 
He did it merely to please himself ; and therefore 



ISLES OF WINTER loi 

he was able to spend a great deal more time and 
trouble over doing it to perfection than he could 
possibly have spent if he were one of the miserable 
drudges who live by the professional pursuit of letters 
under our hard-faced regime. He translated it care- 
fully, lovingly, laboriously. Day after day in his 
spare moments he took out a page at a time, and 
transcribed and Englished it with studious pains in 
his little pocket note-book. For two seasons he had 
gone on with this amateur authorship, if such it 
might be called ; and towards the end of the second 
he had pretty fairly finished his allotted taskwork. 

But the fo'c'sle of a sealer in full pursuit of oil is 
by no means an ideal place for literary composition. 
Many a time and oft Arnold was interrupted by rude 
pleasantries or angry calls ; many a time he was 
delayed by the impossibility of finding room for a few 
minutes' work even on so humble a basis. At last, 
one afternoon, towards the close of the sealing season, 
he was told off with a dozen other men for a run in a 
boat down the ice-bound coast in search of fresh seal- 
ing-grounds. His party were on the look-out for 
Greenland seals, which usually bask and flounder in 
the sun on the blocks in ice-floes ; and they had rowed 
to a considerable distance from their ship without 
perceiving any ' fish,' as the sealers call them. Their 
road lay through a floating mass of blue crystalline 



I02 AT MARKET VALUE 

ice-blocks. At last the pack grew too thick for them 
to penetrate any further, and the bo'sun in charge, 
blowing his whistle from the stern, gave the word to 
retm-n to the Sherif Ivory. They rowed back again 
about half a knot, in full sight of their ship, when it 
became gradually apparent that they were becoming 
surrounded by icebergs. A change in the wind 
brought them along unexpectedly. One after another, 
the great white mountains loomed up and approached 
them from all sides, apparently sailing in every direc- 
tion at once, though really, of course, only veering 
with the breeze from different quarters in the same 
general direction. The bo'sun looked at them with 
some dislike. * Ah doan't care for bergs,' he said in 
his thick Sunderland dialect. ' Tha've got naw pilot 
aboord.' And, indeed, the icebergs seemed to be drift- 
ing in every direction, hither and thither at random, 
without much trace of a rudder. Closer and closer 
they drew, those huge glacial islands, two large ones 
in particular almost blocking the way to the ship in 
front of them. The bo'sun looked at them again. 
' Toorn her aboot, boys,' he said once more in a very 
decided way. * Easy all, bow side : row like blazes, 
you oother uns ! Ah'm thinkin' we'll naw be able to 
break through them by that quarter.' 

The men turned the boat instantly in obedience to 
his word, and began rowing for their lives in the 



ISLES OF WINTER 103 

opposite direction. It was away from the ship ; but, 
in their present strait, the first thing to be thought of 
was avoiding the pressing danger from the icebergs 
at all hazards. By-and-by the bo'sun spoke again. 
' Ah'm thinldn',' he said slowly, ' tha're toornin' them- 
sel's this way, mates.' 

Arnold Willoughby glanced round. It was only too 
true. The icebergs, which were two enormous blocks 
of white shimmering crystal, half a mile or more in 
length, had shifted their course somewhat, and were 
now coming together, apparently both behind and in 
front of them. The boat lay helpless in a narrow 
channel of blue water between the high walls of ice 
that glistened in the sun like chalk cliffs in August. 
At the rate the bergs were moving, it would take only 
some ten or twelve minutes for them to shock and 
shiver against one another's sides. The prospect was 
appalling. Human arms could hardly carry the boat 
free of their point of contact before they finally 
collided. In that moment of danger, not a word was 
spoken. Every man saw the peril for himself at once, 
and bent forward to the long sweeps with terrible in- 
tensity of energy. Meanwhile, those vast moving 
islands of ice came resistlessly on, now sailing ahead 
for a moment before a gust of wind, now halting and 
veering again with some slight change in the breeze. 
Yet, on the whole, they drew steadily nearer and 



104 ^^ MARKET VALUE 

nearer, till at last Arnold Willoughby, looking up, 
saw the green crystal mountains rising almost sheer 
above their heads to the terrific height of several 
hundred feet like huge cliffs of alabaster. 

* Noo look oot, boys,' the bo'sun cried in a solemn 
voice of warning. * Tha'U strike afore long.' And 
every eye in the boat was fixed at once, as he spoke, 
on the approaching monsters. 

Scarcely room was left between them for the boat 
to pass out ; and she was still many yards from the 
point where the blue channel between the bergs began 
to widen again. A sort of isthmus of water, a narrow 
open strait, intervened between them and the wider 
part of the interval. Two clashing capes of ice 
obstructed it. On and on came the great mountains 
of glistening white crystal, tall, terrible, beautiful, in 
irresistible energy. The men crouched and cowered. 
Arnold Willoughby knew their last moment had come. 
There was no way out of it now. In another second 
the bergs would crash together with a thunder of the 
sea ; their little cock-boat would be shivered to frag- 
ments before the mighty masses of the Jarrmg ice- 
mountains ; and they themselves, mere atoms, would 
be crushed to a pulp as instantly and unconsciously as 
an ant is crushed under the wheel of a carriage. Not 
a man tried to pull another stroke at the oars. Every 
eye was riveted on the horrible moving deaths. 



ISLES OF WINTER loj 

Their arms were as if paralyzed. They could but look 
and look, awaiting their end in speechless terror. 

At that awful moment, just before the unconscious 
masses struck and shivered into pieces, a flood of 
strange thought broke at once over Arnold Wil- 
loughby's mind. And it summed itself up in the 
thousandfold repetition of the one word Kathleen, 
Kathleen, Kathleen, Kathleen. 

He thought it over and over again, in a sudden 
agony of penitence. With a rush, it burst in upon 
him that he had done wrong, grievously wrong, to be 
so hasty and impulsive. What misery he might have 
caused her ! What injury he might have inflicted ! 
After all, no man can ever be quite certain even in his 
interpretation of the most seemingly irresistible facts. 
What wrong he might have done her— ah, heaven, 
now irrevocable! Irrevocable! Irrevocable! For 
the mighty masses of ice stood above them like pre- 
cipices on the brink of falling; and in one second 
more they would shock together 

Crash! Crash! Crash! Even before he had finished 
thinking it, a noise like thunder, or the loud rumble of 
an earthquake, deafened their ears with its roar, 
redoubled and ingeminated. The bergs had met and 
clashed together in very truth, and all nature seemed 
to clash with them. A horrible boiling and seething 
of the water around them ! A fearful shower of ice 



I06 AT MARKET VALUE 

shot upon them by tons! And then, just before 
Arnold Willoughby closed his eyes and ceased to think 
or feel, he was dimly aware of some huge body from 
above crushing and mangling him helplessly. Pains 
darted through him with fierce spasms ; and then all 
was silence. 

Half an hour passed away before Arnold, lying stiff, 
was again conscious of anything. By that time he 
opened his eyes, and heard a voice saying gruffly : 

'Why, Willoughby ain't killed neither! He's a- 
lookin' about him.' 

At sound of the voice, which came from one of his 
fellow-sailors, Arnold strove to raise himself on his 
arm. As he did so another terrible shoot of pain 
made him drop down again, half unconscious. It 
occurred to him dimly that his arm must be broken. 
Beyond that he knew nothing, and he lay there long, 
nobody taking, for the time, any further notice of 

him. 

When he opened his eyes a second time he could 
see very well why. They were still surrounded by whole 
regiments of icebergs, and the remaining valid men of 
the crew were still rowing for dear life to get clear of 
the danger. But one other man lay worse crushed than 
himself, a mangled mass of clotted blood and torn 
rags of clothes at the bottom of the boat; while a 
second one, by his side, still alive, but barely that. 



ISLES OF WINTER 107 

groaned horribly at intervals in the throes of deadly 
agony. 

Arnold lay back once more, quite passive all the 
while as to whether they escaped or were engulfed. 
He was weak and faint with pain ; and so far as he 
thought of anything at all, thought merely in a dim 
waj" that he would like to live if only for one thing — 
to see Kathleen Hesslegrave. 

Hours passed before he knew what had really hap- 
pened. It was a curious accident. An iceberg is a 
huge floating mass of ice, only an insignificant part of 
which shows visible above water. The vastly greater 
portion is submerged and unsuspected. It is impos- 
sible, of course, to guess at the shape of this sub- 
merged part, any more than one could guess at the 
shape of the submerged part of a piece of ice, as it bobs 
up and down in a glass, by observation of the bit that 
protrudes above the water. These particular ice- 
bergs, however, had such exceptionally sheer and per- 
pendicular sides that they looked like huge fragments 
of an extended ice-field broken off laterally; they 
seemed to show that the submerged portion was flush 
with the cliffs they exhibited above water. Had that 
been quite so, Arnold Willoughby's boat could never 
have escaped complete destruction. It would have 
been stove in and crushed between the great colliding 
walls like a nut under a steam-hammer. But as it 



io8 AT MARKET VALUE 

happened, the submerged block was slightly larger in 
that direction than the visible portion ; and the bergs 
thus crashed together for the most part under water, 
causing a commotion and eddy which very nearly suc- 
ceeded in swamping the boat, and which rendered 
rowing for a minute or two wholly impossible. At the 
same time, a projecting pinnacle that jutted out above 
from the face of the cliff came in contact with another 
part of the opposing iceberg, and, shivering into frag- 
ments a hundred yards away from them, broke up 
with such force that many of its shattered pieces were 
hurled into the boat, which they, too, threatened to 
swamp, but which fortunately resisted by the mere 
elasticity of the water about them. 

For a minute or two, all on board had been tumult 
and confusion. It was impossible for those who were 
less seriously hurt to decide offhand upon the magni- 
tude of the disaster, or to tell whether the bergs, 
recoiling with the shock, might not wheel and collide 
again, or lose balance and careen, sucking them under 
as they went with the resulting eddy. As a matter of 
fact, however, the collision, which had been little 
more than a mere sideward gliding, like the kiss of a 
billiard ball, was by no means a serious one. The 
two moving mountains just touched and glanced off, 
ricocheting, as it were, and leaving the boat free in a 
moment to proceed upon her course. But as soon as 



ISLES OF WINTER 109 

the bo'sun could collect his wits and his men for a 
final effort, he found that one was dead ; while two 
more, including Arnold Willoughby, lay wounded and 
senseless at the bottom of the gig— whether actually 
dead or oaly dying, they knew not. 

Summoning up all their remaining nerve, the un- 
injured men seized their oars once more, and rowed 
for dear life in the direction of the open. It was half 
an hour or so before they could consider themselves 
at all clear of the ice ; and even then they had no idea 
of the distance from the ship, for the Sheriff Ivory 
herself could nowhere l)e sighted. 

For hours they rowed on helplessly over the track- 
less waves; it was dark before they sighted the 
missing ship in front of them. By the time they had 
reached it, Arnold Willoughby, now faint and half 
unconscious with cold and exposure, hardly realized 
as yet the full extent of his hijuries. 

But when next morning he woke again in his bunk 
after a night of semi-unconsciousness, he discovered 
that his arm was really broken, and, worse still, that 
his right hand was so crushed and maimed as to be 

almost useless. 

The voyage back to Dundee was for Arnold a 
terrible one. He lay most of the time in his ham- 
mock for he was now useless as a 'hand'; and his 
arm, clumsily set by the mate and the bo'sun, gave 



no AT MARKET VALUE 

him a great deal of trouble in the small hours of the 
morning. Moreover, his outlook for the future was 
exceedingly doubtful. It was clear he would never 
again be fit to go to sea ; while the damage to his 
hand, which he feared was irrevocable, would make 
it impossible for him to return to the trade of painter. 
Whither to turn for a living when he reached home 
again, he knew not. Nay, even the desire to see 
Kathleen again, which had come over him so fiercely 
when he sat under the shadow of the impending ice- 
berg, grew much feebler and fainter now that he felt 
how impossible it would be for him in future ever to 
provide for her livelihood. More than at any previous 
time the self -deposed Earl began to realize to him- 
self what a failure he had proved on equal terms with 
his fellow-man in the struggle for existence. 

Yet even if you are a failure, it is something to 
accept your position bravely ; and Arnold Willoughby 
always accepted his own like a man with that cheery 
pessimism which is almost characteristic of his caste 
in England. 



CHAPTER XXIII. 

A LITERARY DEBUT. 

After that serious accident, Arnold Willoughby lay 
ill in his bunk for several days before lie felt fit for 
anything. Meanwhile, as is the wont of sailor folk on 
such hard voyages, he was left entirely to himself, or 
scantily tended at moments of leisure by his rough 
companions. At last, one day, more to still the 
throbs of pain in his shattered right hand than any- 
thing else, he asked for the manuscript of his Vene- 
tian cipher. 

* Oh, that ?' his messmate said, as soon as Arnold 
had clearly explained just what it was he wanted. 
* That bundle o' yaller papers ! I threw them out 
one day. A pack o' rubbish! I thought 'twan't 

nothing.' 

* What ? Threw it overboard ?' Arnold exclaimed, 
taken aback and horrified at such vandalism. 

The messmate nodded. 



112 



AT MARKET VALUE 



'Yes, th' old yaller un,' he answered. 'Them 
loose sheets, all torn an' stamed, if that's what you 
mean. They wan't up to much. I didn't set no store 

by 'em.' 

'And the note-books?' Arnold asked, with that 

little tremor of fear which comes over one when one 

fancies the work of months may have been destroyed 

or rendered useless by some casual piece of unthinking 

carelessness. 

' Oh, the note-books ? No, not them ; they're safe 
enough in yonder,' the sailor answered, nodding back- 
ward toward the locker by the bunk. ' I thought 
they was more like, and I didn't chuck 'em.' 

' Get them out,' Arnold cried nervously. * Let me 
see them. I want them.' It occurred to him that in 
his present necessity he might be able to make some- 
thing out of his painstaking translation, even if the 
original manuscript itself had really perished. 

The sailor broaght them out. Arnold glanced 
through them rapidly. Yes, yes ; they were all there, 
quite safe ; and as the drowning man clings to the 
proverbial straw, so Arnold WiUoughby in his need 
clung to that precious manuscript. He laid it care- 
fully under his pillow when he slept, and he spent a 
large part of his waking time in polishing and im- 
proving the diction of his translation. 

When at last they returned to Dundee, Arnold found 



A LITERARY D&amp;BUT 113 

he had to go into hospital for a fortnight. No sooner 
was he out again, however, than he made up his mind, 
maimed hand and all, to go up to London and look 
out for Kathleen Hesslegrave. The impression printed 
upon his brain by that episode of the icebergs per- 
sisted with double force now he was fairly ashore 
again. Should he not give his one love at least the 
chance of proving herself a truer woman than he had 
ever thought her ? 

He went up to London by sea, to save expense. As 
soon as he landed, he took a room in a small lodging- 
house in the seafaring quarter. Then he set to work 
at once to hunt up the London Directory so as to 
discover if he could where the Hesslegraves were 
living. 

He knew nothing, of course, of Mrs. Hesslegrave's 
death ; but he saw by the Directory that she was no 
longer ensconced in the old rooms at Kensington. 
The only Hesslegrave now known to. the big red 
volume, in fact, was Mr. Keginald Hesslegrave, of 
Capel Court, City, set down, with half a dozen other 
assorted names, for a flat in a small lodging-house in 
the abyss of Brompton. 

Now, Arnold remembered quite well that Kathleen's 
brother was named Eeginald ; so to the unfashionable 
lodging-house in the abyss of Brompton he directed 
his steps accordingly. 

VOL. II. 21 



114 AT MARKET VALUE 

*Is Mrs. Hesslegrave living here?' he asked the 
slipshod maid who opened the door to him. 

The slipshod maid mumbled * Yes,' in an inarticu- 
late voice, holding the door in her hand at the same 
time, after the fashion of her kind, as if to bar his 
entrance ; but Arnold slipped past her sideways by a 
strategic movement ; and the slipshod maid, acceptin*; 
accomplished facts, showed him up, with a very bad 
grace, to the rooms on the first floor which Reggie had 
occupied before his marriage, and which he was now 
compelled by hard decree of fate to share with Florrie. 

The slipshod maid pushed open the door, and with 
the muttered words, ' Genelman to see you, mum — 
Mr. Wil'by,' disappeared downstairs again with shuf- 
fling rapidity. 

But the moment Arnold found himself face to face 
with the vision of beauty in the fluffy black hair, cut 
short all over, and frizzed like a Papuan's, he saw at 
once this couldn't be liis Mrs. Hesslegrave. *I beg 
your pardon,' he said, hesitating. * I think there 
must be some mistake. I wanted to see Mrs. Hessle- 
grave.' 

* I am Mrs. Hesslegrave,' Florrie answered with 
dignity. Five foot two can be dignified when it makes 
its mind up to it. 

Arnold started a little. 

* Then I suppose you must be Mr. Reginald Hessle- 



A LITERARY DEBUT 115 

grave's wife,' he exclaimed, taken aback. * I didn't 
know he was married.' 

* He's not been married very long,' Florrie admitted 
with her pretty coquettish smile, which recent misfor- 
tunes had not entu'ely clouded. ' Did you want to see 
Reggie ? He's just now come in, and he'll be down in 
a minute.' 

Arnold took a seat and waited ; but he couldn't 
resist the temptation to ask at once, meanwhile, the 
latest tidings of Kathleen. Florrie had by this time 
acquired from her husband a considerable dislike of 
that hard-hearted woman, who wouldn't marry a rich 
man — such an easy thing to do — on purpose because 
she didn't want to be of use to dear Eeggie. So her 
answers were of a sort which made Arnold suspect she 
didn't particularly care for her newly-acquired sister- 
in-law. By the time Eeggie came down, indeed, she 
had made her position tolerably plain to Arnold, and 
had also managed, with innate feminine astuteness, to 
arrive at the conclusion that this was the Other Man 
whom Kathleen had known a couple of years ago at 
Venice. Nay, so convinced was she of this fact, that 
she made some little excuse to leave Arnold alone in 
the room for a minute while she ran upstairs to com- 
municate her suspicions on the point to Eeggie. This 
vile interloper, the other man, must be promptly 
crushed in the interests of the family. When Eeggie 



ii6 AT MARKET VALUE 

himself at last descended, he fully shared Florrie's 
view; the very eagerness with which the stranger 
asked after Kitty's health showed Eeggie at once he 
had very good reasons for wishing to see her. 

Now, Reggie, though a silly young man, was by no 
means a fool where his own interests were concerned ; 
on the contrary, he was well endowed with that intui- 
tive cunning which enables a man to find out at once 
whatever is most to his peisonal advantage. So, 
having arrived instinctively at the conclusion that this 
was the other fellow of whom his sister had spoken, 
he proceeded, as ho phrased it himself, 'to put a 
spoke in the other fallow's wheel ' on the subject of 
Kathleen. 

* Oh no, my sister's not in town,' he said with a 
slight smile, and a quick side-glance at Florrie, as a 
warning that she was not on any account to contradict 
this flagrant departure from historical accuracy; 
* she's gone down into the country— to Cromer, in 
fact,' Eeggie continued, growing bolder in the details 
of his romance as he eyed Arnold Willoughby. * She's 
going to stay there with some friends of ours, to meet 
another old Venetian acquaintance whom I dare say 
you knew — a charming young American, Mr. Rufus 
Mortimer.' 

Eeggie delivered this home-thrust direct, watching 
his visitor's face as he did so to see whether it roused 



A LITERARY D^BUT 117 

any appreciable emotion; and he was not disappointed 
with the result of his clever move. It was * Check !' 
most decidedly. 

Arnold Willoughby gave a sudden start. 

* Rufus Mortimer !' he exclaimed. * She's going 
down to Cromer to stop with some friends in the same 
house with Rufus Mortimer ?' 

* Yes,' Reggie answered carelessly. Then he smiled 
to himself a curious and very significant smile. * The 
fact is,' he went on boldly, determined to make that 
spoke in the other fellow's wheel a good big round one 
while he was about it, ' they're very thick together 
just now, our Kitty and the American. Between 
ourselves, as you're a friend of the family's, and knew 
the dear old mater, I don't mind telling you— I rather 
expect to reckon Rufus Mortimer as my brother-in-law 
elect before many weeks are over.' And this last 
remark, so far as Mr. Reginald's own expectations 
were concerned, could not be condemned as wholly un- 
truthful. 

* Are they engaged, then ?' Arnold asked, quivering. 
His worst fears were confirmed. Failing the Earl in 
disguise, Kathleen had flung herself into the arms of 
the American millionaire, as next best among her 
chances. 

* Well, not exactly engaged, don't you know,' Eeggie 
responded airily. * Not quite what you can call 




engaged, perhaps. But it's an understood thing all 
the same in the family.' 

Arnold Willoughby's heart sank like lead. He 
didn't know why, but somehow, ever since that after- 
noon in the ice-channel, he had cherished, day and 
night, a sort of irrational, instinctive belief that, after 
all, he was mistaken, and that Kathleen loved him. 
Yet now he saw once more he was in error on that 
point; she was really nothing more than the self- 
seeking, money-loving, position-hunting girl her own 
mother had so frankly represented her to be that 
fateful day in the rooms by the Piazza. 

Poor Kathleen ! She was indeed unfortunate in 
her relations. At Venice it was Mrs. Hesslegrave, in 
London it was Peggie, who so cruelly misrepresented 
her to her much misled lover. 

Arnold didn't stop long. Nor did he ask for Kath- 
leen's address. After all, if she was really going to 
marry Kufus Mortimer, it would be a pity for him 
to intrude at such a moment on her happiness. 
Mortimer was rich, and would make her comfortable. 
Money was what she wanted, and if Kathleen wanted 

it 

Even as he thought that hard thought, he broke off 
in his own mind suddenly. No, no ; it wasn't money 
she wanted, his beautiful, innocent Kathleen ; of that 
he felt certain. And yet, if she really meant to marry 



A LITERARY DEBUT 119 

Kuf us Mortimer, it was at least his duty not to step in 
now between the prospective bride and her rich new 
lover, who could do so much more for her than ever 
he himself could do. 

As soon as he was gone, Master Reggie turned 
philosophically to Florrie, and observed with a 

smile : 

*I settled his hash, I flatter myself. He won't 
bother her any more. I've sent him abcat his 
business. And a precious good thing for herself too, 
if it comes to that : for just fancy a girl like Kitty 
being tied for life to a fellow in sailor clothes, and 
badly cut at that, with no right hand to brag 

about !' 

But as for Arnold, he took his way sadly down the 
crowded streets, with the last remnants of a heart well- 
nigh crushed out of him. 

However, as long as a man lives, he has to think 
about his living. Bread and cheese we must have, 
though our hearts be breaking. Next day, accord- 
ingly, Arnold called at a well-known firm of publishers 
in the City, Stanley and Lockhart by name, to ask 
whether any decision had yet been arrived at about 
the manuscript translation from an Italian original 
he had sent them by post from Dundee a fortnight 

earlier. 

The senior partner, an acute-lookmg man, with very 



120 AT MARKET VALUE 

little hair on his head to boast of, gazed hard at his 
visitor. 

'Well, yes, Mr. Willoughby,' he said, with a dry 
business smile. * I've looked at your manuscript, and 
our reader has reported on it ; and I'm free to tell you 
we think very well of it. It's one of the most brilliant 
bits of historical fiction we've had submitted to us for 
a long time.' 

' Oh, I beg your pardon,' Arnold interposed, colour- 
ing slightly. * I think you're labouring under a 
misapprehension. Have you read the Introduction? 
I there explain that it's translated from an Italian 
manuscript.' 

• Yes, yes,' Mr. Stanley broke in, smiling still more 
broadly. *I know all that, of course. It's admirable, 
admirable. Nothing could be better done. Falls in 
exactly with the current taste for high- spiced and 
strongly-flavoured historical romance, with a good 
dash of bloodshed ; and the Introduction itself is 
one of the best parts — so circumstantial and solemn, 
and with such an innocent air of truth and sin- 
cerity.' 

'But it is true, you know,' Arnold cried, annoyed at 
being doubted, which was the one thing a man of his 
sensitive honour could never put up with. * I found 
the manuscript at Venice, in a tiny little shop, exactly 
under the circumstances I there describe ; and I trans- 



A LITERARY Dl&amp;BUT 121 

lated it into English during my spare time on board 
ships in two Northern voyages.' 

* In-deed !' the publisher replied, with a quiet, self- 
restrained smile. He was accustomed to dealing with 
these imaginative authors, some of whom, it is 
whispered, do not entirely confine their faculty of 
fiction to mere literary products. * And where is the 
manuscript now? It would be an interesting docu- 
ment.' 

'Unfortunately, it's lost,' Arnold Willoughby 
answered, growing hot. 'One of my fellow- sailors 
took it out of my locker while I was confined to my 
bunk with this injured hand of mine, and destroyed it 
or threw it overboard. At any rate, it's not forth- 
coming. And I'm sorry for that, as it's of historical 
importance, and, of course, it would be useful in 
proving the authenticity and value of the narra- 
tive.' 

* Very useful indeed,' Mr. Stanley replied, with a 
meaning smile, which again annoyed Arnold. ' How- 
ever, the question now is not as to the authenticity or 
authorship of the narrative at all, but as to its money's 
worth for purposes of publication. We will agree that 
it is essentially a work of fiction. Whether it was 
written by you, or by Master John Collingham, of 
Holt, in Norfolk, it's still a work of fiction. He may 
have designed it to amuse or to deceive the Council of 



122 AT MARKET VALUE 

Ten; but, any way, I tell you, he was a first-rate 
novelist. I deal in these things, and I flatter myself 
I know a work of art when I see it. Well, now, then, 
let's get to business, Mr. Willoughby. What I should 
propose to do, is to buy the copyright outright from 
you. And as this is a doubtful venture by a new 
author, suppose we make you an offer of fifty pounds 
for the manuscript.' 

Arnold's heart gave a wild leap. Fifty pounds ! 
Why, as things now went, 'twas a perfect Pactolus ! 
On fifty pounds he could subsist for a twelvemonth. 
Since he ceased to be Earl of Axminster, he had never 
for a moment had so large a sum at one time in his 
possession. 

He didn't know he was making a bad bargain ; and, 
indeed, so doubtful did his poor little venture seem to 
himself, that even if someone else of greater experience 
had stood by his side to warn him against selling a 
piece of property of unknown value outright like that 
for the first sum offered, he would probably have 
answered, and perhaps answered rightly : 

' I'd rather take fifty pounds down, and be certain 
of my money, than speculate on what may, perhaps, 
be a bad investment.' 

Fifty pounds down is a big sum to a beginner ; and 
the beginner would most often be justified in jumping 
at it. 



A LITERARY DEBUT 123 

At any rate, Arnold jumped at it. His face flushed 
with pleasure. 

' I should be delighted,' he said, ' to accept such an 
offer. And the book would come out ?' 

' At the beginning of the new season. Very well, 
then, that's settled.' 

Mr. Stanley took up a blank form of agreement 
lying careless by his side, and filling it in rapidly with 
name, date, and title, as well as valuable considera- 
tion, handed it across forthwith for inspection to 
Arnold. 

*Is that right?' he asked, with a wave of his 

pen. 

'Quite right,' Arnold answered, 'except that, of 
course, you mustn't say " written by me." It ought 
to be *' deciphered and translated by me." I can't 
sell you as mine what I've never written.' 

The publisher gave a short sniff of suppressed im- 
patience, but drew his pen half angrily through the 
peccant words. 

' There. Will that satisfy you ?' he asked. 

And Arnold, glancing at it, took up the proffered 
pen and signed his name at the bottom. 

Mr. Stanley drew a cheque and handed it over to 
him. 

Arnold scanned it and handed it back. 

' I'm afraid this won't do,' he said. ' It's crossed, 



ia4 AT MARKET VALUE 

I see, and I happen to have no banking account. 
Could you kindly give me one drawn simply to 
bearer ?' 

* No banking account?' the publisher cried. 

This was certainly the very queerest sort of literary 
man he had ever yet come across. 

' No,' Arnold answered stoutly. * You must remember 
I'm nothing but a common sailor.' 

The man of business drew a second cheque, tearing 
up the first as soon as he had done so. 

* But where did you learn Italian ?' he asked ; * and 
how did you pick up all this intimate knowledge of 
Elizabethan England, and Spain, and Italy ?' 

' You forget that was all in the manuscript,' Arnold 
answered simply. 

The publisher waved his hand again. 'Twas an 
impatient wave. There was really no dealing with a 
fellow like this, who told a lie and stuck to it. 

* Ah, true,' he mused reflectively, with the same 
curious smile. ' Well, Mr. Willoughby, I should say 
you have a great future in fiction before you.' 

Arnold hardly knew whether to accept that remark 
as a compliment or otherwise. 

But as he descended the publisher's stairs that 
morning, he had got rid of the copyright and all 
property and interest in a work entitled * An Eliza- 
bethan Seadog,' to Messrs. Stanley and Lockhart, 



A LITERARY D^BUT 125 

their heirs and executors, in consideration of the sum 
of fifty pounds sterling. 

And Mr. Stanley was saying to Mr. Lockhart in the 
privacy of the counting-house : 

' I'll tell you what it is, Lockhart, I believe we've 
got hold of a second Eider Haggard. I never read 
anything more interesting in my life than this sailor- 
fellow's narrative. It has an air of history about it 
that's positively astonishing. Heaven knows where 
he learned to write such English as that! but he 
writes it admirably.' 



CHAPTEE XXIY. 

AN ANGEL FKOM THE AVEST. 

KuFus Mortimer lay stretched at full length on the 
heather-clad dome of a Surrey hill-top. He was turn- 
mg lazily over the pages of a weekly paper. He 
passed from the politics to the social ' middles,' and 
from the middles again to the reviews and the literary 
column. It was dull, deadly dull, the self-laudatory 
commuiiiques of second-rate amateurs. His eye ran 
carelessly through the items of news and the hints of 
forthcoming works : * We understand that the article 
on "Eichelieu and his Contemporaries" in the 
current number of the South British Quarterly, which 
is attracting so much attention in well-informed circles 
at the present moment, is from the facile yet learned 
pen of Mr. J. Anstruther Maclaren, the well-known 
authority on the age of the Bourbons.' — * Mrs. 
Eotherham's new novel, "My Heart and His," will 
shortly be published by Messrs. Eigby, Short, and 



AN ANGEL FROM THE WEST 127 

Co. It will deal with the vicissitudes of an Itali in 
gipsy girl, who studies medicine at Girton, and after- 
wards becomes convinced of the truths of Theosophy, 
the principles of which are eloquently defended at 
some length by the accomplished authoress.' — * Mr. 
Edmund Wilkes, Q.C., denies the report that he is the 
author of that clever Society sketch, " An Archbishop's 
Daughter-in-law," which has caused so much amuse- 
ment, and so many searchings of heart in high eccle- 
siastical and legal quarters during the present season. 
We are also assured there is no good ground for 
attributing the work to the wife of the veteran Dean 
of Northborough, whose finished literary handicraft 
does not in any way resemble the crude and unformed 
style of that now famous story. The work bears, on 
the contrary, internal traces of being due to the 
sprightly wit of a very young lady, acquainted with 
the clerical society of a northern cathedral town, but 
little at home in the great world of London.'— Rufus 
Mortimer almost laid down the paper in disgust. 
Better, surely, the fellowship of the eternal hills, the 
myriad buzz of the bees, the purple heather, than the 
solicitous echoes of this provincial gossip. 

But just as he was going to fling the journal down 
in his distaste, his eye chanced to light upon a single 
belated paragraph, wedged in between two others near 
the end of the column : * Messrs. Stanley and Lock- 



128 AT MARKET VALUE 

hart will publish almost immediately a new and 
stirring romance of the Armada period, entitled, 
" An Elizabethan Sea-dog," pm-porting to be written 
by one John Collingham, a Norfolk sailor, who was 
imprisoned in Spain by the Inquisition for refusing 
to abjure " the damnable doctrine of her Grace's 
supremacy." It is announced as "translated and 
edited by Arnold Willoughby," and is described in 
their circular as being one of the most thrilling works 
of adventure published smce the beginning of the pre- 
sent revived taste for the literature of romantic exploits.' 

In a moment Rufus Mortimer had jumped up 
from his seat on the overblown heather. In accord- 
ance with his promise to Kathleen, he had been hunt- 
ing for weeks to find Arnold Willoughby ; and now, 
by pure chance, he had lighted unawares on a singular 
clue to his rival's whereabouts. 

Rufus Mortimer was a man of his word. Moreover, 
like all the higher natures, he was raised far above 
the petty meanness of jealousy. If he loved Kathleen, 
he could not help desiring to do whatever would please 
her, even though it were that hard task — to find for 
her sake the lover who was to supplant him. As soon 
as he read those words, he had but one thought in his 
mind — he must go up to town at once and see whether 
Stanley and Lockhart could supply him with the 
address of their new author. 



AN ANGEL FROM THE WEST 129 

In five minates more he was back at his lodgings, 
whither he had come down, partly for rest and 
change after his fresh disappointment, partly to paint 
a little purple gem of English moorland landscape for 
an American Exhibition. He turned to his Bradshaw 
eagerly. An up-train would be due in twenty minutes. 
It was sharp work to catch it, for his rooms on the 
hill-top lay more than a mile from the station ; but ofif 
he set at a run, so eager was he to find out the truth 
about Arnold Willoughby. At the station he had just 
time to despatch a hasty telegram up to town to 
Kathleen— * Am on the track of the missing man. 
Will wire again to-night. Have good hopes of find- 
ing him.— RuFus Mortimer '—when the train steamed 
in, and he jumped impetuously into a first-class 

carriage. 

At Waterloo he hailed a hansom, and drove straight 
to Stanley and Lockhart's. He sent up his card, and 
asked if he might see one of the partners. The 
American millionaire's name was well enough known 
in London to secure him at once a favourable reception. 
Mr. Stanley received him with the respect justly due 
to so many hard dollars. He came provided with the 
universal passport. Rufus Mortimer went straight to 
the business in hand. Could Mr. Stanley inform him 
of the present address of Mr. Arnold Willoughby, the 
editor of this new book, * An Elizabethan Sea-dog?' 



130 AT MARKET VALUE 

Mr. Stanley hesitated. 

' Are you a friend of Mr. Willoughby's ?' he asked, 
looking out over his spectacles. * For you know he 
poses as a sort of dark horse. He's reticent about 
himself, and we don't even know whether Arnold 
Willoughby's his real name or a pseudonym. He 
dresses like and pretends to be a common sailor.' 

' Oh yes,' Mortimer answered, smiling. * Wil- 
loughby's his own name, right enough; and he is 
what he seems to be, an able-bodied mariner. But 
he's a very remarkable man in his way, for all that — 
a painter, a reader, extremely well informed, and in 
every sense a gentleman. There are no flies on 
Willoughby.' 

' No what ?' Mr. Stanley asked, opening his eyes. 
*No flies,' Rufus answered, with a compassionate 
smile for English dulness. * I mean, he's fresh, and 
clever, and original.' 

' So we gathered,' the head of the firm replied. 
' Well, to anybody but you, Mr. Mortimer, we would 
refuse the address ; but I suppose we may take it for 
granted in your case you want it for none but 
purposes which Mr. Willoughby himself would ap- 
prove of.' 

And he smiled, all benignity. 

* I hope so,' Rufus answered good-humouredly. * I 
want it, first, for myself ; and, secondly, for a person 



AN ANGEL FROM THE WEST 131 

in whom I may venture to say Mr. Willoughby is 
deeply interested.' 

The pubHsher raised his eyebrows. That was the 
very worst plea Rufus Mortimer could have put in ; 
for when a man's clearly skulking from the eyes of 
the world, the person (presumably a lady) who is 
most deeply interested in him is, oftener than not, the 
one creature on earth he's most anxious to hide from. 
So the wise man hesitated. 

' Well, I don't know whether I ought to tell you,' 
he said at last, shading his eyes with his hand, ' but 
to be quite, quite frank with you, we don't exactly 
know whether we've got his real address or not our- 
selves. He has his proofs posted to him at a small 
seafaring coffee-house, somewhere right away down in 
the far East End ; and that's hardly the sort of place 
where a man of letters, such as he evidently is, would 
be likely to be lodging.' 

Rufus Mortimer smiled once more. 

' I expect it's where he lodges,' he answered. * At 
Venice he used to board in the house of a sort of 
inferior marine-stores dealer. He's a live man, is 
"VVilloughby; he doesn't trouble himself much about 
the upholsteries and the fripperies.' 

The publisher, still half unconvinced, wrote down 
the address on a slip of paper ; and Mortimer, just 
thanking him for it, rushed off to another cab, and 



132 AT MARKET VALUE 

hurried away at full speed to the East End coffee- 
house. 

Fortunately, Arnold Willoughby was in. He had 
little to go out for. Mortimer went up to his room, a 
plain, small bedroom on the second floor, very simply 
furnished, but clean and comfortable. He was taken 
aback at the first look of the man. 

Arnold seemed thinner than at Venice, very worn 
and ill-looking. But he started up at the sound of 
Mortimer's cheery voice, which he recognised at once 
with its scarcely perceptible tinge of pleasant and 
cultivated Pennsylvanian accent. Then he held out 

his left hand. 

Mortimer saw for himself that the right hung half 
idle by his side, as if paralyzed. 

' Why, what does this mean ?' he asked quickly. 

Arnold smiled in reply, and grasped his friend's 
hand warmly ; though, to say the truth, he felt not 
quite at his ease with the man who was to marry 
Kathleen Hesslegrave. He would have been glad in 
some ways to be spared this visit : though, now it was 
thrust upon him, he was really thankful in others 
that he was to know the truth, and to put himself 
once more en ra2)port with Kathleen. 

' Oh, nothing much,' he answered, forcing a diffi- 
cult smile. 'I got crushed in an iceberg accident. 
Worse calamities happen at sea. Though it's 



AN ANGEL FROM THE WEST 133 

maimed my painting hand, which is always a mis- 

fortmie.' 

* Is it serious ?' Mortimer asked with interest. 
' Well, the doctors tell me it'll never be good for 
anything much again,' Arnold answered bravely. ' I 
can learn to write with my left, of course ; but I must 
give up painting, I'm afraid, altogether.' 

They sat and talked for some time about the acci- 
dent and how it had happened ; but neither of them 
said a word for many minutes together of the subject 
that was nearest both their hearts that moment. 
Arnold was too shy and reserved ; while as for Rufus 
Mortimer, he felt, under the circumstances, he had no 
right to betray Kathleen Hesslegrave's confidence. 

At last, however, Arnold mustered up courage to 
make the doubtful plunge. 

' I beheve I have to congratulate you,' he said, with 
a rather feeble smile, looking hard at Mortimer. 
The American winced. 

' To congratulate me ?' he answered. ' I don't quite 
understand. On what, and why, please ?' 

Arnold gazed at him, and hesitated. Ought he to 
go on or hold his peace ? It would be more discreet, 
perhaps even more honourable, to say nothing further, 
but, having once begun, he must get to the bottom 
of it. 

'Well, about Miss Hesslegrave,' he replied. *I 



134 AT MARKET VALUE 

heard— that is to say— I understood you were going 
to be married to her. And I'm sure I don't know 
any man in the world more altogether worthy of her.' 

Rufus Mortimer stared at him. 

' Married to her !' he exclaimed. ' Why, who on 
earth told you that? My dear fellow, you're mis- 
taken. I'm sorry to say there isn't one word of truth 

in it.' 

* But her own brother told me so,' Arnold persisted, 

unable to disentangle this ravelled skein. 

' Her own brother !' Mortimer exclaimed. ' What ! 
that wretched little monkey ? He told you this lie ? 
Why, whenever did you see him ?' 

* About six or eight weeks ago,' Arnold answered, 
growing hot; 'up here in London. And he cer- 
tainly gave me to understand it was a foregone con- 
clusion.' 

* What ! he saw you six or eight weeks ago, and he 
never told Miss Hesslegrave ?' Mortimer cried, justly 
angry, and forgetting, in his surprise, all about Kath- 
leen's secret. ' I see what he did that for. The 
selfish little wretch ! How mean ! How disgraceful 

of him !' 

* Why should he tell Miss Hesslegrave ?' Arnold 
answered, looking hard at him. * Surely, under the 
circumstances, it would be best she should see and 
hear nothing more of me.' 



AN ANGEL FROM THE WEST i35 

Rufus Mortimer hesitated. He loved Kathleen too 
well not to desire to serve her; and he felt sure Arnold 
was labouring under some profound delusion. But he 
made up his mind that, under the circumstances, it 
was best to be frank. 

' You're mistaken,' he replied. 'Miss Hesslegrave 
is anxious to see you again, in order to clear up a 
most serious misapprehension. To tell you the plain 
truth, Willoughby, that's why I'm here to-day. I 
don't know what the misapprehension itself may be,' 
he added hastily, for he saw from a faint shade which 
flitted on Arnold's face that that quick and sensitive 
nature had again jumped at a conclusion adverse to 
Kathleen. 'She hasn't betrayed your confidence, 
whatever it may be ; and if I'm betraying hers now, it's 
only because I see there's no other way out of it.' He 
paused a moment and wiped his brow ; then the real 
man came out in one of those rare bursts of un- 
adulterated nature which men seldom permit them- 
selves. ' You don't know what it costs me,' he said 
earnestly. ' You don't know what it costs me.' 

He spoke with such transparent sincerity and depth 
of feeling that Arnold couldn't help sympathizing 
with him. And yet, even so, after all his bitter 
experience, he couldn't help letting the thought flit 
through his mind all the same— was Kathleen still 
trying to catch the Earl, but keeping a second 



136 AT MARKET VALUE 

string to her bow, all the while, in the rich 
American ? 

lie laid his hand gently on Rufus Mortimer's 

shoulder. 

* My dear fellow,' he said with real feeling, * I can 
see how much it means to you. I'm sorry indeed if 
I stand between you and her. I never wished to do so. 
There has indeed been an error, a very serious error ; 
but it has been on her part, not on mine. She would 
have married me once, I know, but under a misappre- 
hension. If she knew the whole truth now, she 
wouldn't want to see me again. And even if she did,' 
he added, holding up his maimed hand pathetically— 
• even if it was the pamter she wanted, and not— ah, 
no ! I forgot— but even if it was the painter, how 
could she take him now, and how could he burden 
her with himself, in this mangled condition ? It was 
always a wild dream; by now it's an impossible 

one.' 

'That's for her to judge, Willoughby,' Rufus 
Mortimer answered, with earnestness. ' Ah, man, 
how can you talk so? To think you might make her 
yours with a turn of your hand, and won't— while I ! 
—oh, I'd give every penny I possess if only I dare hope 
for her. And here I am, pleading with you on her 
behalf against myself : and not even knowing whether 
I'm not derogating from her dignity and honour by 



AN ANGEL FROM THE WEST i37 

condescending on her behalf to say so much as I do to 
you.' 

He leaned back m his easy-chair and held his hand 
to his forehead. For a moment neither spoke. Then 
Arnold began slowly : 

' I love her very much, Mortimer,' he said. * Once, 
I loved her distractedly. I don't think I could speak 
about her to any other man ; certainly not to any 
Englishman. But you Americans are somehow quite 
different from us in fibre. I can say things to you I 
couldn't possibly say to any fellow-countryman. Now, 
this is what I feel : she could be happy with you. I 
can do nothing for her now. I must just live out my 
own life the best way I can with what limbs remain to 
me. It would be useless my seeing her. It would 
only mean a painful explanation ; and, when it was 
over, we must go our own ways— and in the end she 
would marry you.' 

' I think you owe her that explanation, though,' 
Mortimer answered slowly. ' Mind, I'm pleading her 
cause with you against myself— because I promised 
her to do all I could to find you ; and I interpret that 
promise according to the spirit and not according to 
the letter. But you owe it to her to see her. You 
think the misunderstanding was on her side alone; 
she thinks it was on yours. Very well, then; that 
shows there is still something to be cleared up. You 



138 AT MARKET VALUE 

must see her and clear it. For even if she didn't 
marry you, she wouldn't marry me. So it's no use 
urging that. As to your hand— no, Willoughby, you 
wnat let me say it — if you can't support her yourself, 
what are a few thousands to me? Yon needn't accept 
them; I could make them over to her, before her 
marriage. I know that's not the way things are 
usually done ; but you and I and she are not usual 
people. Why shouldn't we cast overboard conventions 
for once, and act like three rational human beings ?' 

Arnold Willoughby grasped his hand. He couldn't 
speak for a minute. Something rose in his throat and 
choked him. Here at least was one man whom he 
could trust— one man to whom earl or sailor made no 
difference. He was almost tempted in the heat of the 
moment to confess and explain everything. 

'Mortimer,' he said at last, holding his friend's hand 
in his, ' you have always been kindness itself to me. 
I will answer you one thing : if I could accept that 
offer from any man, I could accept it from you. But 
I couldn't, I couldn't. For the sake of my own inde- 
pendence, I once gave up everything ; how could I go 
back upon it now in order to ' 

But before he could finish his sentence, Piufus 
Mortimer stared at him in one of those strange flashes 
of intuition which come over women often, and men 
sometimes, at critical moments of profound emotion. 



AN ANGEL FROM THE WEST i39 

'Then you are Lord Axminster !' he cried. 

' Did she tell you bo ?' Arnold burst out, drawing 
his hand away suddenly. 

' No, never. Not a word, not a breath, not a hint 
of it,' Mortimer answered firmly. 'She kept your 
secret well— as I will keep it. I see it all now. It 
comes home to me in a moment. You thought it was 
the Earl she had fallen in love with, not the sailor 
and painter. You thought she would only care for 
you if you assumed your title. My dear Willoughby, 
you're mistaken, if ever a man was.' He drew a 
letter-case from his pocket. 'Head that,' he said 
earnestly. ' The circumstances justify me in breaking 
her confidence so far. I do it for her own sake. 
Heaven knows it costs me dear enough to do it.' 

Arnold Willoughby, deeply stirred, read it through 
in profound silence. It was the letter Kathleen had 
written in answer to Rufus Mortimer's last proposal. 
He read it through, every line, with the intensest 
emotion. It was a good woman's letter if ever he had 
seen one. It stung him like remorse. 

'If I had never met him, I might perhaps have 
loved you dearly. But I have loved one man too well 
in my time ever to love a second ; and whether I find 
him again or not, my mind is quite made up: I 
cannot give myself to any other. I speak to you 
frankly, because from the very first you have known 



I40 AT MARKET VALUE 

my secret, and because I can trust and respect and 
like you. But if ever I meet him again, I shall be his, 
and his only ; and his only I must be if I never again 
meet him.' 

Arnold Willoughby handed the letter back to 
Mortimer with tears in his eyes. He felt he had 
wronged her. Whether she knew he was an Earl 
from the beginning or not, he believed now she really 
loved him for his own sake alone, and could never 
love any other man. She was not mercenary ; if she 
were, she would surely have accepted so brilliant an 
offer as Kufus Mortimer's. She was not fickle ; if she 
were, she would never have written such a letter as 
that about a man who had apparently disappeared 
from her horizon. Arnold's heart was touched home. 
' I must go to her,' he said instantly. ' I must 
see her, and set this right. Where is she now, 
Mortimer?' 

* I'll go with you,' Mortimer answered quickly. — 
'No; don't be afraid,' he added with a bitter smile. 
• As far as the door, I mean. Don't suppose I want 
to hamper you in such an interview.' 

For it occurred to him that if they went together to 
the door in a cab, he might be allowed to pay for it, and 
that otherwise Arnold wouldn't be able to afford one. 
But Kathleen's heart must not be kept on that stretch 
for ten minutes longer than was absolutely necessary. 



CHAPTER XXV. 

THE MEETING. 

Arnold Willoughby arrived at Kathleen Hessle- 
grave's door in a tremor of delight, excitement, and 
ecstasy. Dm-ing all those long months that he had 
been parted from her, he had loved her with his 
whole soul— loved the memory of the girl he had once 
believed her, even though that girl, as he fancied, 
never really existed. And now that her letter to 
Rufus Mortimer had once more reinstated her image 
in his mind as he first imagined her, his love came 
back to him with a rush, even more vividly than ever. 
For had he not now, in her own very handwriting, 
the assurance that she loved him— the assurance that 
she was his, be he present or absent? He could 
approach her at last without any doubts on that sub- 
ject. He could be sure of her answering love, her 
real affection for himself, whatever might be the 
explanation of those strange expressions Mrs. Hessle- 



142 AT MARKET VALUE 

grave had attributed to her that afternoon in 
Venice. 

He mounted the stairs in a fever of joy and sup- 
pressed expectation. Kathleen sat in her little draw- 
ing-room, waiting anxiously for the promised second 
telegram from Rufus Mortimer. A knock at the outer 
portal of the fiat aroused her, all tremulous. Could 
that be the telegraph-boy ? She held her room door 
half ajar, and listened for the voice. 

When it came, it sent a thrill of surprise, delight, 
and terror down her spine like a cold wave. ' Is Miss 
Hesslegrave in ?' it said ; but the tone — the tone was 
surely Arnold Willoughby's ! 

'Miss Hesslegrave is engaged this afternoon, sir, 
and can't see anyl)ody,' the maid answered demurely. 
For Kathleen felt too agitated, with hope and sus- 
pense, for receiving visitors. 

* I think she'll see me,' Arnold replied with a confi- 
dent smile; and while the girl still hesitated, Kathleen's 
own voice broke out from within in very clear tones : 

' Let the gentleman come in, Mary.' 

At sound of her voice, a strange thrill passed 
through Arnold Willoughljy in turn ; he rushed along 
the passage and burst into the sitting-room. There 
stood Kathleen, pale and panting, with one hand on a 
chair, and one on her throbbing heart — much thinner 
and whiter than he had known her of old — much 



THE MEETING I43 

thinner and whiter, but not one whit less beautiful. 
In that first tumult of wild delight at his love restored, 
Arnold Willoughby darted forward, and for the first 
time in his life would have clasped her in his arms and 
kissed her as she stood there. 

But Kathleen, looking hard at him, and recognising 
in a second how ill and wasted he was, with his 
maimed arm hanging loose by his side in its helpless- 
ness, yet waved him back from her at once with an 
imperious gesture. 

' No, no,' she said proudly, conquering her love with 
an effort. * Not now, not now, Arnold ! Once I 
would have let you, if you wished ; and still even to- 
(jay— oh, my heart, my poor heart— I could willingly 
let you — if it were not for that barrier. But the 
barrier is there even now ; and until you understand 
everything— until you know I was never what you 
have thought me so long— I can't possibly allow you. 
I don't want you to trust me ; I don't want you to be- 
lieve me ; I want you to know — to know and under- 
stand ; I want you to see for yourself how you have 
wronged me.' 

Arnold's face was all penitence. As she spoke, so 
fearlessly and so proudly, yet with such an under- 
current of tenderness, he wondered to himself how he 
could ever have doubted her. 

*0h, Kathleen,' he cried, standing back a pace, 



144 AT MARKET VALUE 

and stretching out his hands, and calling her for the 
first time to her face by the name she had always 
borne in his thoughts and his day-dreams, * don't say 
that to me, please. Don't crush me so utterly. I 
know how wrong I have been ; I know how much I 
have misjudged you. But don't visit it too heavily 
upon me. I have suffered for it myself ; see, see how 
I have suffered for it ! — and you don't know yet how 
difficult it was for me to resist the conclusion. After 
what I was told, my darling, my heart's love, I could 
hardly think otherwise.' 

' I know that,' Kathleen answered, standing opposite 
him and trembling, with a fierce desire to throw her- 
self at once into her lover's arms, only just restrained 
by a due sense of her womanly dignity. * If I didn't 
know it, Mr. Willonghby — or Arnold, if you will — I 
wouldn't allow you to come here ; I wouldn't allow you 
to speak to me. I would guard my pride better. It's 
hccausc I know it that I'm going to explain all now 
to you. It's because I know it that I'm going to lay 
my heart bare, like an open book in front of you. 
Before I hear anything else — before I even ask what 
that means ' — and she glanced at his useless hand with 
unspoken distress — ' we must clear up this mystery. 
Till the misunderstanding's cleared, we can't talk 
about anything else as we ought to one another. And 
in order to clear it up, I shall tell you — just every- 



THE MEETING 145 

thing. I shall open my whole soul. I shall tear my 
heart out for you. There's no room for reserve 
between us two to-day. We must understand one 
another, once for all, oh Arnold, my Arnold, now 
I've found you, I've found you !' 

Arnold gazed at her, and melted with shame and 
remorse. Her passion overcame him. How could he 
ever for one moment have doubted that pure, that 
queenly soul ? But then — Mrs. Hesslegrave's words ! 
that dark saying about the earldom! those strange 
mysterious hints of a deliberate conspiracy ! • 

* You thought I knew from the first who you were ?' 
Kathleen began, drawing breath and facing him 
boldly. 

* I thought you believed from the first I was Lord 
Axminster,' Arnold answered, quite frankly, but still 
refusing to commit himself ; * and I thought it was 
through that belief alone that you first permitted 
a common sailor to win his way as far as he did, if 
he did, into your affections. But, Kathleen, I won't 
think so now ; if you tell me you didn't, I'll believe 
you at once ; and if you tell me you did, but that you 
loved me for myself, though you took me for ten thou- 
sand times over an Earl, oh, Kathleen, I will believe 
you ; I will believe you and love you, with all my 
heart and soul, if only you'll allow me.' 

It was a great deal for Arnold Willoughby, with his 
VOL. II. 23 



,46 AT MARKET VALUE 

past behind him, to say ; but it wasn't enough for 
Kathleen. She was still unsatisfied. She stood 
before him, trembling and quivering all over with 
love, yet just waving him back with one imperious 
hand when he strove to draw nearer to her. 

* No, no,' she answered, holding him off with her 
queenly gesture. ' That's not what I want. I want 
plainly to clear myself. I want you to know, to be 
sure and certain, beyond the shadow of a doubt, I 
was not what you took me for. I want you to under- 
stand the whole real truth. I want you to see for 
yourself what I thought of you first; I want you to 
see when I began to love you— for I did love you, 
Arnold, and I do love you still— and how and when I 
first discovered your real name and personality.' She 
moved across the room from where she stood to a 
desk in the corner. 'Read this,' she said simply, 
taking out a diary and handing it to him. ' Begin 
there, on the day I first met you in London. Then 
turn on to these pages where I put this mark, and 
read straight through till you come to the end— when 
you went away from Venice. The end of everything 
for me— till you came again this evening.' 

It was no time for protestations. Arnold saw she 
was in earnest. He took the book and read. Mean- 
while, Kathleen sank into an easy-chair opposite, and 
watched his face eagerly as he turned over the pages. 



THE MEETING 147 

He read on and on in a fever of delight. He read 
how she had come upon him in Venice in Mortimer's 
gondola. He read how she had begmi to like him, 
in spite of doubts and hesitations: how she had 
wondered whether a lady ought to let herself grow so 
fond of a man so far beneath her in rank and station : 
how she had stifled her doubts by saying to herself 
he had genius and refinement and a poet's nature; 
he was a gentleman, after all, a true gentleman at 
heart, a gentleman of the truest in feelings and 
manners. Then he saw how the evidences of her 
liking grew thicker and thicker from page to page, 
till they deepened at last into shame-faced self-con- 
fessions of maiden love, and culminated in the end 
into that one passionate avowal, ' Sailor or no sailor, 
oh, I love him, I love him. I love him with all my 
heart ; and if he asks me, I shall accept him.' 

When he came to that page, Kathleen saw by the 
moisture rising thick in his eyes what point he had 
reached. He looked across at her imploringly. 

' Oh, Kathleen, I may ?' he cried, trying to seize 
her hand. But still Kathleen waved him back. 

' No, not yet,' she said in a tone half relenting, 
half stern. ' Not yet. You must read it all through. 
You must let me prove myself innocent.' 

She said it proudly yet tenderly, for she knew the 
proof was there. And after all she had suffered, she 



148 AT MARKET VALUE 

did not shrink for a moment from letting Arnold so 
read her heart's inmost secret. 

He read on and on. Then came at last that day 
when the Canon recognised him in the side-canal by 
San Giovanni e Paolo. Arnold drew a deep breath. 

* It was he who fomid me out, then ?' he said, for 
.the first time admitting his long-hidden identity. 

'Yes, it was he who found you out,' Kathleen 
answered, leaning forward. * And I saw at once he 
was right; for I had half suspected it myself, of 
course, from those words of yours he quoted. And, 
Arnold, do you know, the first thought that crossed 
my mind— for I'm a woman, and have my prejudices 
—the first thought was this : "Oh, how glad I am to 
think I should have singled him out for myself, out of 
pure, pure love, without knowing anything of him ; 
yet that he should turn out in the end to be so great a 
gentleman of so ancient a lineage." And the second 
thing that struck me was this : " Oh, how sorry I am, 
after all, I should have surprised his secret ; for he 
wished to keep it from me ; he wished perhaps to sur- 
prise me ; and it may grieve him that I should have 
learnt it like this, prematurely." But I never knew 
then what misery it was to bring upon me.' 

•Kathleen,' the young man cried imploringly, 'I 
must ! I must this time !' and he stretched his arms 
out to her. 



THE MEETING 149 

* No,' Kathleen cried, still waving him back, but 
flushing rosy red ; * I am not yet absolved. You must 
read to the very end. You must know the whole truth 
of it.' 

Again Arnold read on ; for Kathleen had written at 
great length the history of that day, that terrible day, 
much blotted with tears on the pages of her diary, 
when the Canon went away, and her mother * spoiled 
all ' with Arnold Willoughby. When he came to that 
heart-broken cry of a wounded spirit, Arnold rose from 
his place ; he could contain himself no longer. With 
tears in his eyes, he sprang towards her eagerly. 

This time, at last, Kathleen did not prevent him. 

' Am I absolved ?' she murmured low, as he caught 
her in his arms and kissed her. 

And Arnold, clasping her tight, made answer 
through his tears : 

' My darling, my darling, it's I, not you, who stand 
in need of absolution. I have cruelly wronged you. 
I can never forgive myself for it.' 

' But I can forgive you,' Kathleen murmured, nest- 
ling close to him. 

For some minutes they sat there, hand in hand, 
supremely happy. They had no need for words in that 
more eloquent silence. Then Arnold spoke again, very 
sadly, with a sudden reminder of all that had hap- 
pened meanwhile : 



150 AT MARKET VALUE 

' But, Kathleen, even now, I ought never to have 
spoken to you. This is only to ease our souls. Things 
are still where they were for every other purpose. 
My darling, how am I to tell you it? I can never 
• marry you now. I have only just recovered you, to 
lose you again instantly.' 

Kathleen held his hand in hers still. 

* Why so, dear ?' she asked, too serenely joyous now 
(as is a woman's wont), at her love recovered, to trouble 
her mind much about such enigmatic sayings. 

' Because,' Arnold cried, * I have nothing to marry 
you with ; and this maimed hand — it was crushed in 
an iceberg accident this summer — I'll tell you all 
about it by-and-by — makes it more impossible than 
ever for me to earn a livelihood. Oh, Kathleen, if I 
hadn't been carried away by my feelings, and by what 
that dear good fellow Mortimer told me — he showed 
me your letter — I would never have come back like 
this to see you without some previous explanation. I 
would have written to tell you beforehand how hope- 
less it all was, how helpless a creature was coming 
home to claim you.' 

' Then, I'm glad they did carry you away,' Kathleen 
answered, smiling ; * for I'd ten thousand times rather 
see you yourself, Arnold, now everything's cleared up, 
than any number of letters.' 

* But everything's not cleared up ; that's the worst 



THE MEETING 1 51 

of it,' Arnold answered somewhat gloomily. * At least 
as far as I'm concerned,' he went on in haste, for he 
saw a dark shadow pass over Kathleen's sweet face. 
' I mean, I'm afraid I'm misleading you myself now. 
You think, dear Kathleen, the man who has come ' 
home to you is an English peer; practically and 
financially, he's nothing of the sort. He's a sailor at 
best, or not even a sailor, hut the merest bare wreck 
of one. Here, a sheer hulk, stands Arnold Wil- 
loughby. You probably imagine I got rid of my 
position and masqueraded in seamen's clothes out of 
pure, pure fun, only just to try you. I did nothing 
of the sort, my darling. I renounced my birthright, 
once and for ever, partly on conscientious grounds, 
and partly on grounds of personal dignity. I may 
have done right ; I may have done wrong ; but, at any 
rate, all that's long since irrevocable. It's past and 
gone now, and can never be reconsidered. It's a 
closed chapter. I was once an Earl : I am an Earl 
no longer. The man who asks you— who dare hardly 
ask you — for your love to-day, is, to all intents and 
purposes, mere Arnold Willoughby, a common sailor, 
unfit for work, and an artist too hopelessly maimed 
for any further painting. In short, a man without 
fixed occupation or means of livelihood.' 

Kathleen clung to his hand. *I knew as much 
alreadv,' she answered bravely, smoothing it with her 



152 AT MARKET VALUE 

own. * That is to say, at least, I knew from the clay 
you went away from Venice, and still more from the 
day when yom* cousin's claim was allowed to hold 
good by the House of Lords, that you had relinquished 
once for all your right to the peerage. I knew a man 
so just and good as you are would never allow your 
cousin to assume the title as his own, and then rob 
him again of it. I knew that if ever you came back 
to me, it would be as plain Arnold Willoughby, fight- 
ing your own battle on equal terms against the world ; 
and, Arnold, now you're here, I don't care a pin on 
what terms or under what name you come ; it's 
enough for me to have you here again with me !' 

* Thank you, Kathleen,' Arnold said very low, with a 
thrill of deep joy. * My darling, you're too good to me.' 

* But that's not all,' Kathleen went on with swim- 
ming eyes. 'Do you know, Arnold, while you were 
away, what I wanted you to come back for most was 
that I might set myself right with you ; might make 
you admit I wasn't ever what you thought me ; might 
justify my womanhood to you ; might be myself once 
more to you. But see what a woman I am, after all ! 
Now you're here, oh, my darling, it isn't that that I 
think about, nor even whether or not you'll ever be able 
to marry me ; all I think of is simply this — how sweet 
and delightful and heavenly it is to have you here 
again by my side to talk to.' 



THE MEETING 153 

She gazed at him with pure love in those earnest 
big eyes of hers. Arnold melted with joy. 

♦You speak like a true good woman, darling,' he 
answered in a penitent voice. * And now I hear you 
speak so, I wonder to myself how on earth I could ever 
have had the heart to doubt you.' 

So they sat and talked. One hour like that was 
well worth those two years of solitude and misery. 



CHAPTEE XXYI. 

A QUESTION OF AUTHORSHIP. 

And now that all was over, and her Arnold had come 
home to her, Kathleen Hesslegrave felt as if the rest 
mattered little. He was back ; he knew all ; he saw 
all ; he understood all ; he loved her once again far 
more dearly than ever. Woman-like, she was more 
than satisfied to have her lover by her side ; all else 
was to her a mere question of detail. 

And yet the problem for Arnold was by no means 
solved. He had no way as yet of earning his own 
living ; still less had he any way of earning a living 
for Kathleen. Kathleen herself, indeed, hapi3y enough 
to have found her sailor again, would have been glad 
to marry him as he stood, maimed hand and all, and 
to have worked at her art for him, as she had long 
worked for Eeggie ; but that, of course, Arnold could 
never have dreamed of. It would have been grotesque 
to give up the Axminster revenues on conscientious 



A QUESTION OF AUTHORSHIP 155 

grounds, and then allow himself to be supported by a 
woman's labour Rifus Mortimer, too, ever generous 
and ever chivalrous, would willingly have done any- 
thing in his power to help them. But such help as 
that also Arnold felt to be impossible. He must fight 
out the battle of life on his own account to the bitter 
end ; and though this last misfortune of his crushed 
hand was an accident that might have happened to 
any sailor any day, it made him feel none the less 
that painful consciousness he had often felt before, 
of his own inferiority and comparative inability to 
do for himself what he saw so many of his kind 
doing round him on every side without apparent 
ejffort. He didn't care to acknowledge himself a 
human failure. 

Of course, he had the fifty pounds he had received 
for his translation of the Italian manuscript ; but even 
Arnold Willoughby couldn't live on fifty pounds for 
ever, though, no doubt, he could make it go at least 
as far as anyone else of his class could. And it was 
only a stray windfall, not a means of livelihood. What 
Arnold wanted, now the sea was shut against him, 
and painting most difficult, was some alternative way 
of earning money for himself, and, if possible, for 
Kathleen. As to how he could do that, he had for 
the moment no idea ; he merely straggled on upon his 
fifty pounds, spreading it out as thin as fifty pounds 



156 AT MARKET VALUE 

can be made to sj)read nowadays in this crowded 
Britain of ours. 

But if this problem caused anxiety to Arnold 
Willoughby, it caused at least as much more to Rufus 
Mortimer. As a rule, people who have never known 
want themselves realize but vaguely the struggles and 
hardships of others who stand face to face with it. 
They have an easy formula — ' Lazy beggars !' — which 
covers for their minds all possible grounds of failure 
or misfortune in other people. (Though they are not 
themselves always so remarkable for their industry.) 
But Rufus Mortimer, with his delicately sensitive 
American nature — as sensitive in its way as Arnold's 
own — understood to the full the difficulties of the 
case ; and having made himself responsible to some 
extent for Arnold's and Kathleen's happiness by 
bringing them together again, gave himself no little 
trouble, now that matter was arranged, to seek some 
suitable work in life for Arnold. 

This, however, as it turned out, was no easy matter. 
Even backed up by Rufus Mortimer's influence, Arnold 
found there were few posts in life he could now 
adequately fill; while the same moral scruples that 
had made him in the first instance renounce altogether 
the Axminster property continued to prevent his ac- 
cepting any post that he did not consider an honest 
and useful one. It occurred to Mortimer, therefore, 



A QUESTION OF AUTHORSHIP 157 

one day when he met Eeggie on Kathleen's doorstep, 
and, entering, found Kathleen herself with every sign 
of recent tears, that one of the first ways of helping 
the young couple would be the indirect one of getting 
rid of Reggie. He suspected that young gentleman of 
being a perpetual drain upon Kathleen's resources, 
and he knew him to have certainly no such conscien- 
tious scruples. So, after a little brief telegraphic 
communication with his firm in America, he sent one 
morning for Reggie himself, * on important business ' ; 
and Reggie, delighted by anticipation at the phrase, 
put on his best necktie and his onyx links, and drove 
round (in a hansom) to Mortimer's house in Great 
Stanhope Street. 

Mortimer plunged at once into the midst of affairs. 

' Suppose you were to get a post of three hundred 
and fifty a year in America, would you take it ?' he 
inquired. 

Reggie brightened at the suggestion. 

' Pounds, not dollars, of course ?' he answered with 
characteristic caution, for where money was concerned, 
Reggie's mind was pure intellect. 

Rufus Mortimer nodded. 

* Yes, pounds, not dollars,' he said. * A clerk's post 
in my place in the States ; railway engineering works, 
you know. We control the business.' 

' It might suit me,' Reggie answered with great de- 



158 AT MARKET VALUE 

liberation, impressed with the undesirability of letting 
himself go too cheap. * Three hundred and fifty ; or, 
say, four hundred.' 

*I beg your pardon,' Rufus Mortimer interposed 
with bland decision. * I said three hundred and fifty. 
I did not say four hundred. And the questions before 
the house are simply these two — first, whether you 
care to accept such a post or not ; and, second, 
whether I shall find you're qualified to accept it.' 

*0h, I see,' Eeggie answered, taken aback; for he 
had not yet met Rufus Mortimer in this his alter- 
native character as the stern capitalist. 'Where- 
abouts is your place ? So much depends upon the 
locality.' 

' It's in Philadelphia,' Mortimer answered, smiling. 

He could see at a glance Eeggie was hesitating as to 
whether he could tear himself away from the Gaiety, 
and the dear boys, and the gross mud-honey of town 
in general, to emigrate to America. 

Eeggie held his peace for a moment. He was calcu- 
lating the pros and cons of the question at issue. It 
spelt expatriation, of course ; that he recognised at 
once ; so far from the theatres, the racecourses, the 
Park, the dear boys of the Tivoli, and Charlie Owen. 
But, still, he was young, and he would always have 
Florrie. Perhaps there might be ' life ' even in Phila- 
delphia. 



A QUESTION OF AUTHORSHIP 159 

* Is it a big town ?' he asked dubiously, for his 
primeval notions of American geography were dis- 
tinctly hazy. 

' The third biggest in the Union,' Mortimer 
answered, eyeing him hard. 

' In the what •?' Eeggie repeated, somewhat stag- 
gered at the sound ; visions of some huge workhouse 
rose dimly in the air before his mental view. 

' In the United States,' Mortimer answered with a 
compassionate smile. ' In America, if it comes to 
that. The third biggest in America. About three- 
quarters the size of Paris. Will a population of a 
million afford scope enough for you ?' 

' It sounds well,' Reggie admitted. ' And I suppose 
there are amusements there— something to occupy a 
fellow's mind in his spare time ? or else I don't put 
much stock in it.' 

' I think the resources of Philadelphia will be equal 
to amusing you,' Mortimer answered grimly. ' It's a 
decent-sized village.' He didn't dwell much upon the 
converse fact that Peggie would have to work for his 
three hundred and fifty. * My people in America will 
show him all that soon enough,' he thought. ' The 
great thing just now is to get him well out of England, 
by hook or by crook, and leave the way clear for that 
angel and Willoughby.' 

For Pufus Mortimer, having once espoused Arnold 



l6o • AT MARKET VALUE 

Willoughby's cause, was almost as anxious to see him 
satisfactorily settled in life as if it had been his own 
love-affairs he was working for, not his most dangerous 
rival's. 

The offer was a tempting one. After a little hum- 
ming and hawing, and some explanation by Mortimer 
of the duties of the situation — the last thing on earth 
that Eeggie himself would ever have troubled his head 
about under the circumstances — the young man about 
town at last consented to accept the post offered to 
him, and to ship himself forthwith from his native 
land, with Florrie in tow, at Rufus Mortimer's 
expense, by an early steamer. 

* A town of a million people,' he observed to Florrie, 
* must have decent amusements, even in America.' 

And now that that prime encumbrance was clear 
out of the way, Mortimer's next desire was to find 
something to do for Arnold, though Arnold was 
certainly a most difficult man to help in the matter 
of an appointment. That horrid conscience of his 
was always coming in to interfere with everything. 
Mortimer and Kathleen had ventured to suggest, 
indeed, that under these altered circumstances, when 
his hand made it almost impossible for him to get 
work of any sort, he should disclose his personality 
to the new Lord Axminster, and accept some small 
allowance out of the Membury Castle property. 




But against that suggestion Arnold stood quite 
firm. 

* No, no,' he said ; ' I may live or I may starve ; but 
I won't go back upon my whole life and principles. I 
gave up my property in order that I might live by my 
own exertions ; and by my own exertions I will live, or 
go to the wall manfully. I don't demand now that I 
should earn my livelihood by manual labour, as I 
once desired to do. Under these altered conditions, 
having lost the use of my hand in the pursuit of an 
honest trade for the benefit of humanity, I'm Justified, 
I believe, in earning my livelihood in any way that 
my fellow-creatures are willing to pay me for; and I'll 
take in future any decent work that such a maimed 
being as myself is fitted for. But I won't come down 
upon my cousin Algy. It wouldn't be fair ; it 
wouldn't be right ; it wouldn't be consistent ; it 
wouldn't be honest. I'm dead by law ; dead by the 
decision of the highest court in the kingdom; and 
dead I will remain for all legal purposes. Algy has 
succeeded to the title and estates in that belief, which 
I have not only permitted him to hold, but have de- 
liberately fostered. For myself and all who come 
after me, I have definitely got rid of my position as a 
peer, and have chosen to become a common sailor. If 
I were to burst in upon Algy now with proof of my 
prior claim, I would upset and destroy his peace of 



mind ; make him doubt for the position and i)rospects 
of his children ; and burden him with a sense of inse- 
curity in his tenure which I have no right in the 
world to disturb his life with. When once I did it, I 
did it once for all ; to go back upon it now would be 
both cruel and cowardly.' 

' You're right,' Kathleen cried, holding his hand in 
her own. * I see you're right, my darling ; and if ever 
I marry you, I will marry you clearly on that under- 
standing, that you are and always will be plain Arnold 
Willoughby.' 

So Rufus Mortimer could do nothing but watch and 
wait. Meanwhile, Arnold went round London at the 
pitiful task of answering advertisements for clerks and 
other small posts, and seeking in vain for some light 
emj)loyment. Winter was drawing on ; and it became 
clearer and clearer each day to Mortimer that in 
Arnold's present state of health he ought, if possible, 
to spend the coldest months in the South of Europe. 
But how get him to do it ? That was now the puzzle. 
Mortimer was half afraid he had only rescued Kath- 
leen's lover, and brought them together again in peace, 
in order to see him die with his first winter in 
England. And it was no use to urge upon him the 
acceptance of a temporary loan, or even to ask him to 
go abroad on the strength of that fifty pounds ; for, as 
matters now stood, Arnold was so anxious to husband 



A QUESTION OF AUTHORSHIP 163 

his funds to the utmost and to look out for future work, 
that nothing would induce him to move away from 

London. 

While things were in this condition, Rufus was 
startled one day, as he sat in his padded armchair in 
a West-End club, reading a weekly paper, to see 
Arnold Willoughby's name staring him full in the 
face from every part of a two-column article. He 
fixed his eyes on the floating words that seemed to 
dance before his sight. *If this is a first attempt,' 
the reviewer said, * we must congratulate Mr. Wil- 
loughby upon a most brilliant debut in the art of 
fiction.' And again : ' We know not whether the 
name of ** Arnold Willoughby " is the writer's real 
designation, or a mere nom de guerre; but in any case 
we can predict for the entertaining author of "An 
Elizabethan Seadog " a brilliant career as a writer of 
the new romance of history.'—* Mr. Willoughby's 
style is careful and poHshed; his knowledge of the 
dialect of the sea is ** peculiar and extensive"; while 
his fertility of invention is really something stupen- 
dous. We doubt, indeed, whether any Elizabethan 
sailor of actual life could ever have described his 
Spanish adventures in such graphic and admirable 
language as Mr. Willoughby puts into the mouth of 
his imaginary hero ; but that is a trivial blemish : 
literature is literature: as long as the narrative 



1 64 AT MARKET VALUE 

imposes upon the reader for the moment, which it 
undoubtedly does, we are ready to overlook the un- 
historical character of the thrilling details, and the 
obvious improbability that such a person as Master 
John Collingham of Holt in Norfolk would have been 
able to address the Council of Ten with such perfect 
fluency in " very choice Italian." ' 

Rufus Mortimer laid down the paper in a tumult of 
delight. Here at last he saw a chance for the solution 
of the problem of Arnold's future. Though art had 
failed him, he might live by literature. To be sure, 
one swallow doesn't make a summer, nor one good 
review (alas !) the fortune of a volume. But Rufus 
Mortimer didn't know that ; and he felt sure in his 
heart that a man who could write so as to merit such 
praise from one of the most notoriously critical of 
modern organs, must certainly be able to make a 
living by his pen, even if he had only a left hand 
left wherewith to wield it. So off he rushed at 
once in high glee to Arnold "Willoughby's, only 
stopping on the way to buy a copy of the review at 
the railway bookstall in the nearest underground 
station. 

When he reached Arnold's lodgings, now removed 
much further West, near Kathleen Hesslegrave's 
rooms, he hurried upstairs in a fervour of good spirits, 
quite rejoiced to be the first to bring such happy 



A QUESTION OF AUTHORSHIP 165 

tidings. Arnold read the review hastily; then he 
looked up at Mortimer, who stood expectant by ; and 
his face grew almost comical in its despair and de- 
spondency. 

* Oh, this is dreadful !' he exclaimed under his 
breath. * Dreadful, dreadful, dreadful !' 

* Dreadful ?' Mortimer interposed, quite taken aback. 
' Why, Willoughby, I was delighted to be the first to 
bring it to you. I thought you'd be so awfully glad 
to see it. What on earth do you disapprove of ? It's 
all so favourable.' 

Did the man expect mere fulsome adulation ? 

'Favourable? Oh yes,' Arnold answered; 'it's 
favourable enough, for that matter : but just look 
how they treat it ! In spite of my repeated and re- 
iterated statement that the manuscript was a genuine 
Elizabethan document, they insist on speaking of it as 
an original romance, and attributing the authorship 
to mc, who only translated it. They doubt my word 
about it !' 

' But that doesn't matter much,' Mortimer cried, 
severely practical, ' as long as attention is drawn to 
the work. It'll make the book sell ; and if ever you 
should want to write anything else on your own 
account, it'll give you a better start and secure you 
attention.' 

'I don;t want attention under false pretences,' 



1 66 AT MARKET VALUE 

Arnold retorted. * One doesn't like to bo doubted, 
and one doesn't want to get credit for work one hasn't 
done. I should hate to be praised so. It's only the 
translation that's mine. I've none of these imagina- 
tive gifts the critic credits me with. Indeed, I've half 
a mind to sit down this minute to write and explain 
that I don't deserve either their praise or their cen- 
sure.' 

From this judicious course Mortimer did not seek 
to dissuade him ; for, being an American born, he 
thoroughly understood the value of advertisement ; 
and he knew that a lively correspondence on the 
authenticity of the book could not fail to advertise it 
better than five hundred reviews, good, bad, or indif- 
ferent. So he held his peace, and let Arnold do as he 
would about his reputation for veracity. 

As they were talking it over, however, the door 
opened once more, and in rushed Kathleen, brimming 
over with excitement, and eager to show Arnold in- 
other review which she had happened to come across 
in a daily paper. 

Arnold took it up and read it. His face changed 
as he did so; and Mortimer, who looked over his 
shoulder as he read, could see that this review, too, 
contained precisely the same cause of complaint, from 
Arnold's point of view, as the other one — it attributed 
the book, as an original romance, to the transcriber 



A QUESTION OF AUTHORSHIP 167 

and translator, and complimented him on his brilliant 
and creative imagination. Here was indeed a diffi- 
culty. Arnold could hardly show Kathleen the same 
distress at the tone of the notice which he had shown 
Rufus Mortimer; she came in so overflowing with 
womanly joy at his success that he hadn't the heart 
to damp it ; so he tried his best to look as if he liked 
it, and said as little about the matter, either way, as 

possible. 

Mortimer, however, took a different view of the 

situation. 

* This is good,' he said ; ' very good. These two 
articles strike the keynote. Your book is certainly 
going to make a success. It will boom through 
England. I'm sorry now, Willoughby, you sold the 
copyright for all time outright to them.' 



CHAPTER XXVII. 

CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES. 

This is an age of booms. Institution and name have 
come over to us from America. When a thing 
succeeds at all, it succeeds, as a rule, to the very top 
of its deserving. So in a few weeks' time it was 
abundantly clear that ' An Elizabethan Seadog ' was 
to be one of the chief booms of the publishing season. 
Everybody bought it ; everybody read it ; everybody 
talked about it, Conan Doyle and Rudyard Kipling 
stood trembling for their laurels. And to this result 
Arnold Willoughby himself quite unconsciously con- 
tributed by writing two or three indignant letters to 
papers that reviewed the book as his own production, 
complaining of the slight thus put upon his veracity. 
Of course he would have been wholly incapable of in- 
venting this idea as an advertising dodge ; but he 
wrote with such earnestness in defence of his own true 
account of his antiquarian find, that everybody read 



CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES 169 

his passionate declarations with the utmost amuse- 
ment. 

'He's immense!' Mr. Stanley remarked, overjoyed, 
to his partner, Mr. Lockhart. * That man's immense. 
He's simply stupendous. What a glorious liar ! By 
far the finest bit of fiction in the whole book is that 
marvellously realistic account of how he picked up the 
manuscript in a small shop in Venice ; and now he 
caps it all by going and writing to the Times that it's 
every word of it true, and that, if these implied 
calumnies continue any longer, he will be forced at 
last to vindicate his character by a trial for libel ! 
Delicious ! delicious ! It's the loveliest bit of advertis- 
ing I've seen for years ; and just to think of his 
getting the Times to aid and abet him in it !' 

'But hu.ve you seen to-day's Athcmeum V Mr. Lock- 
hart responded cheerfully.— ' No ? Well, here it is, 
and it's finer and finer. Their reviewer said last week, 
you know, they'd very much like to inspect the 
original manuscript of such a unique historical docu- 
ment, and humorously hinted that it ought to be 
preserved in the British Museum. Well, hang me if 
Willoughby doesn't pretend this week to take their 
banter quite seriously, and proceed to spin a cock-and- 
bull yarn about how the original got lost at sea on a 
Dundee sealer ! Magnificent ! magnificent ! The un- 
* blushing audacity of it ! And he does it all with such 



I70 AT MARKET VALUE 

an air. Nobody ever yet equalled him as an amateur 
advertiser. The cheek of the man's so fine. He'd 
say anything to screw himself into notoriety anyhow. 
And the queer part of it all is that his work's quite 
good enough to stand by itself on its own merits 
without that. He's a splendid story-teller. Only, 
he doesn't confine the art of fiction to its proper 
limits.' 

Whether it was by virtue of Arnold Willoughby's 
indignant disclaimers, however, or of its intrinsic 
merits as a work of adventure, ' An Elizabethan 
Seadog' was all the rage at the libraries. Mr. Mudie, 
crowned Apollo of our British Parnassus, advertised 
at once a thousand copies. ' And it's so wonderful, 
you know,' all the world said to its neighbour ; ' it 
was written, they say, by a common sailor !' When 
Arnold heard that, it made him almost ready to dis- 
close his real position in life ; for he couldn't bear to 
take credit for extraordinary genius and self -education, 
when, as a matter of fact, his English diction was the 
net result of the common gentlemanly sojourn at 
Harrow and Oxford. But he was obliged to bite his 
lips over this matter in silence. The praise showered 
upon the book, -he felt, was none of his own making ; 
half of it was due to Master John CoJlingham of Holt 
in Norfolk, whom nobody believed in ; and the other 
half was due to the a.ctual facts of the Elizabethan 



CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES 171 

narrative. Whatever little credit might accrue from 
the style and workmanship of the translation, Arnold 
recognised he obtained mider false pretences as the 
self-taught genius, while as a matter of fact he had 
always possessed every possible advantage of birth, 
breeding, and education. So it came to pass by the 
irony of circumstance that he, the man who of all 
others desired to be judged on his merits as a human 
being, got all the false credit of a book he had never 
written, and a difficulty surmounted which had never 

existed. 

The position positively preyed upon Arnold Wil- 
loughby's spirits. He saw he was misunderstood. 
People took him for just the opposite of what he really 
was ; they thought him a clever, pushing, self-adver- 
tising adventurer— him, the sensitive, shrinking, self- 
depreciatory martyr to an over-exacting conscience. 
And there was no way out of it, except by ruining his 
cousin Algy's position. He must endure it in silence, 
and stand the worst that people could say or think of 
him. After all, to be, not to seem, was the goal of his 
ambition ; what he was in himself, not what people 
thought of him, really mattered. There was one man 
on earth whose good opinion he desired to conciliate 
and to retain— one man from whom he could never 
escape, morning, noon, or night ; and that man was 
Arnold Willoughby. As long as he earned the appro- 



172 AT MARKET VALUE 

bation of his own conscience, the rest was but a matter 
of minor importance. 

Nor did the boom promise to do Arnold much 
permanent or pecuniary good. To be sure, it gained 
him no small notoriety; but, then, notoriety was 
the very thing he most wished to avoid, London 
hostesses were anxious after their kind to secure the 
new lion for their ' at homes ' and their garden 
parties ; and Rufus Mortimer and Katlileen Hessle- 
grave were besieged by good ladies, as soon as it was 
known they had made Arnold's acquaintance at Venice, 
with vicarious invitations for him for dinner, lunch, or 
evening. But Arnold was not to be drawn. * So very re- 
tiring, you know !' people said ; * doesn't like to make 
himself cheap. Quite a recluse, Mr. Mortimer tells 
me. That's often the way with these men of genius. 
Think so much of their favours ! Don't want to let 
us every-day people have the benefit of their society.' 
But Arnold's point of view was simply this — that if 
Canon Valentine had been able to recognise him, so 
might somebody else ; and therefore he held it best to 
avoid that great world he had fled long before, and to 
keep to his own little circle of artistic acquaijitances. 

Meanwhile, the book made money. It was making 
money daily. And under these circumstances, it 
occurred to Mr. Stanley one morning to observe to his 
partner : 



CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES i73 

' I say, Lockbart, don't you think it's about time for 
us to send a little cheque to that fellow Willoughby ?' 
Mr. Lockhart looked up from his papers. 
' Well, you're right, perhaps,' he answered. * He's 
a first-rate man, there's no doubt, and we had the 
book from him cheap. We gave him fifty pounds for 
it. We've made— let me see— I should say, seven 
hundred. Let's send him a cheque for a hundred 
guineas. 'Pon my soul, he deserves it.' 

• All right,' the senior partner answered, drawing 
out his cheque-book and proceeding to act at once upon 
the generous Suggestion. 

Generous, I say, and say rightly, though it is the 
fashion among certain authors to talk about the mean- 
ness and stingi:.ess of publishers. As a matter of 
observation, I should say, on the contrary, there are 
no business men on earth so just and so generous. In 
no other trade would a man who has bought an article 
for a fair price in the open market, and then has 
found it worth more than the vendor expected, feel 
himself called upon to make that vendor a free gift 
of a portion of his profits. But publishers often do 
it; indeed, almost as a matter of course, expect to 
do it. Intercourse with an elevating and ennobling 
profession has produced in the class an exceptionally 
high standard of generosity and enlightened self- 
interest. 



174 AT MARKET VALUE 

As soon as Arnold received that cheque, he went 
round with it at once, much disturbed, to Kathleen's. 

' What ought I to do ?' he asked. ' This is very 
embarrassing.' 

' Why cash it, of course,' Kathleen answered. * What 
on earth should you wish to return it for, dear 
Arnold ?' 

* Well, you see,' Arnold replied, looking shamefaced, 
* it's sent under a misconception. They persist in 
believing I wrote that book. But yon know I didn't ; 
I only discovered and transcribed and translated it. 
Therefore, they're paying me for what I never did. 
And as a man of honour, I confess I don't see how I 
can take their money.' 

* But they made it out of your translation,' Kathleen 
answered, secretly admiring him all the time in her 
own heart of hearts for his sturdy honesty. * After 
all, you discovered the book ; you deciphered it ; you 
translated it. The original's lost; nobody else can 
ever make another translation. The copyright of it 
was yours, and you sold it to them inider its real 
value. They're only returning jon now a small part 
of what you would have made if you had published it 
yourself at your own risk ; and I think you're entitled 
to it.' 

Arnold was economist enough to see at a glance 
through that specious feminine fallacy. 



CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES 17 S 

'Oil no,' he answered with warmth. 'That's not 
the fan- way to put it. If I'd had capital enough at 
the time, and had published it myself, I would have 
risked my own money, and would have been fairly 
entitled to whatever I got upon it. But I hadn't the 
capital, don't you see ? and even if I had, I wouldn't 
have cared to chance it. That's what the pubhsher is 
for. He has capital, and he chooses to risk it in the 
publication of books, some of which are successes, and 
some of which are failures. He expects the gains on 
the one to balance and make up for the losses on the 
other. If he had happened to lose by the " Eliza- 
bethan Seadog," I wouldn't have expected him to 
come down upon me to make good his deficit. There- 
fore, of course, when he happens to have made by it, 
I can't expect him to come forward, out of pure 
generosity, and give me a portion of what are strictly 
his own profits.' 

Kathleen saw he was right ; her intelligence went with 
him ; yet she couldn't bear to see him let a hundred 
pounds slip so easily through his fingers — though she 
would have loved and respected him a great deal the 
less had he not been so constituted. * But surely,' 
she said, ' they must know themselves they bought it 
too cheap of you, or else they would never dream of 
sending you this conscience-money.' 

' No,' Arnold answered resolutely : ' I don't see it 



176 AT MARKET VALUE 

that way. When I sold them the book, fifty pounds 
was its full market value. I was glad to get so much, 
and glad to sell to them. Therefore, they bought 
it at its fair price for the moment. The money- 
worth of a manuscript, especially a manuscript by an 
unknown writer, must always be to a great extent 
a matter of speculation. I didn't think the thing 
worth fifty pounds when J. offered it for sale to Stanley 
and Lockhart ; and when they named their price, I 
jumped at the arrangement. If they had proposed to 
me two alternative modes of purchase at the time — 
fifty pounds down, or a share of the profits — I would 
have said at once : " Give me the money in hand, 
with no risk or uncertainty." Therefore, how can I 
be Justified, now I know the thing has turned out a 
complete success, in accepting the share I would have 
refused beforehand ?' 

This was a hard nut for Kathleen. As a matter 
of logic — being a reasonable creature — she saw 
for herself Arnold was wholly right ; yet she 
couldn't bear to see him throw away a hundred 
pounds, that was so much to him now, on a mere point 
of sentiment. So she struck out a middle course. 

' Let's go and ask Mr. Mortimer,' she said. * He's 
a clear-headed business man, as well as a painter. 
He'll tell us how it strikes him from the point of view 
of unadulterated business.' 



CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES i77 

* Nobody else's opinion, as mere opinion, would 
count for anything with me,' Arnold answered quietly. 
• My conscience has only itself to reckon with, not 
anybody outside me. But perhaps Mortimer might 
have some reason to urge— some element in the 
problem that hasn't yet struck me. If so, of course 
I shall be prepared to give it whatever weight it may 
deserve in forming my decision.' 

So they walked round together to Rufus Mortimer's 
London house. Mortimer was in his studio, painting 
away at an ideal picture of * Love Self-slain,' which 
was not, indeed, without its allegorical application tc 
himself and Kathleen and Arnold Willoughby. For 
it represented the god as a winged young man, very 
sweet and sad-looking, mortally wounded, yet trying 
to pass on a lighted torch in his hands to a more 
fortunate comrade who bent over him in pity. Kath- 
leen took little notice of the canvas, however— for 
love, alas! is always a wee bit selfish to the feelings of 
outsiders— but laid her statement of the case before 
Mortimer succinctly. She told him all they had 
said, down to Arnold's last remark, that if Rufus 
had any new element in the problem to urge, he 
would be prepared to give it full weight in his 

decision. 

When she reached that point, Rufus broke in with 

a smile. 




178 AT MARKET VALUE 

* Why, of course I have,' he answered. ' I'm a 
capitaHst myself ; and I see at a glance the weak 
point of your argument. You forget that these pub- 
lishers are business men ; they are thinking not only 
of the past but of the future. Gratitude, we all know, 
is a lively sense of favours to come. It's pretty much 
the same with the generosity of publishers. As a 
business man, I don't for a moment believe in it. 
They see you've made a hit, and they think you're 
likely to make plenty more hits in future. They know 
they've paid you a low price for your book, and 
they've made a lot of money for themselves out of 
publishing it. They don't want to drive away the 
goose that lays the golden eggs ; so they offer you a 
hundred pounds as a sort of virtual retaining fee — an 
inducement to you to bring your next book for issue 
to them, not to any other publisher.' 

' That settles the thing then,' Arnold answered 
decisively. 

* You mean, you'll keep the cheque ?' Kathleen 
exclaimed with beaming eyes. 

* Oh dear no,' Arnold replied with a very broad 
smile. * Under those circumstances, of course, 
there's nothing at all left for me but to return it 
instantly.' 

' Why so ?' Kathleen cried, amazed. She knew 
Arnold too well by this time to suppose he would do 



CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES 179 

anything but what seemed to him the al)sohitely right 
and honest conduct. 

* Why, don't you see,' Arnold answered, * they send 
me this cheque always under that same mistaken 
notion that it was I who wrote the " EUzahethan 
Seadog," and therefore that I can write any number 
more such works of imagination ? Now, the real fact 
is I'm a mere translator— a perfectly prosaic every- 
day translator. I never so much as tried to write a 
story in my life ; and if they think they're going to 
get future books out of me, and be recouped in that 
way, they're utterly mistaken. I haven't the faintest 
idea of how to write a novel. So it wouldn't be fair 
to accept their money under such false pretences. I 
shall send their cheque back to them.' 

' Don't do that,' Mortimer said, laying one hand on 
his shoulder. ' Nobody ever knows what he can do 
till he tries. Why not set to work at a similar novel, 
and see what you can make of it ? If you fail, no 
matter ; and if you succeed, why, there you are ; your 
problem is solved for you. The "Elizabethan Seadog" 
would give you a fair start, right or wrong, with the 
reviewers ; and if you've anything in you, you ought 
to pull through with it.' 
But Arnold shook his head. 

* No, no,' he said firmly ; ' that would never do. It 
would be practically dishonest. I can't describep- 




myself as the author of the "Flizabethan Seadog," 
for that I'm not ; and if I call m /self even the editor 
or translator, I should seem to be claiming a sort of 
indirect and suggested authorship to which I've no 
right. I must let the thing drop. I'm almost sorry 
now I ever began with it.' 

*At any rate,' Mortimer cried, 'come along with 
me now to Stanley and Lockhart's.' 

* Oh, I'll come along with you, if that's all,' Arnold 
responded readily. * I want to go round and return 
this cheque to them.' 



CHAPTER XXVIII. 

MOBTIMER STRIKES HOME. 

When Arnold arrived at Stanley and Lockhart's, it 
almost seemed to him as if the sun had gone back 
upon the dial of his lifetime to the days when he was 
still an Earl and a somebody. True, the shop-boy of 
whom he inquired, in a timid voice, if he could see 
one of the partners, scarcely deigned to look up from 
his ledger at first, as he murmured, in the surly 
accent of the underling, 'Name, please?' But the 
moment the answer came, ' Mr. Arnold Willoughby,' 
the boy left off writing, awe-struck, and scrambling 
down from his high perch, opened the low wooden 
door with a deferential, 'This way, sir. I'll ask if the 
head of the firm is engaged.— Mr. Jones, can Mr. 
Stanley see Mr. Arnold Willoughby?' 

That name was like magic. Mr. Jones led him on 
with attentive politeness. Arnold followed upstairs, 
as in the good old days when he was an unchallenged 




Earl, attended and heralded by an ushering clerk in a 
mcst respectful attitude. Even the American mil- 
lionaire himself, whom the functionaries at once 
recognised, scarcely met with so much honour in that 
mart of books as the reputed author of the book of the 
season. For Willoughby spelt money for the firm 
just that moment. And the worst of it all was, as 
Arnold reflected to himself with shame and regret, all 
this deference was being paid him no more on his own 
personal merits than ever, but simply and solely 
because the i)ublishing world persisted in believing he 
had written the story, which as a matter of fact he 
had only deciphered, transcribed, and Englished. 

In the counting-house, Mr. Stanley met him with 
outstretched arms, metaphorically speaking. He 
rubbed his hands with delight. He was all bland 
expectancy. The new and rising author had come 
round, no doubt, to thank him in person for the 
cheque the firm had sent him by the last post of 
yesterday. 

• Charmed to see you, I'm sure, Mr. Willoughby,' 
the senior partner exclaimed, motioning him with one 
hand to the chair of honour ; ' and you too, Mr. 
Mortimer. Lovely weather, isn't it? — Well, the 
reception your book has had both from press and 
public is flattering — most flattering. We are selling 
it fast still ; in fact, this very day I've given orders to 



MORTIMER STRIKES HOME 183 

pull off another thousand of the library edition. I'm 
sure it must be most gratifying to you. It's seldom a 
first book comes in for such an ovation.' 

Arnold hardly knew what to answer ; this cordiality 
flurried him ; but after a short preamble, he drew 
forth the cheque and explained in a very few words 
ihat he couldn't accept it. 

Mr. Stanley stared at him, and rang his little 
bell. 

* Ask Mr. Lockhart to step this way,' he said, with 
a puzzled look. * This is a matter to be considered by 
all four of us in council.' 

Mr. Lockhart stepped that way with cheerful 
alacrity ; and to him, too, Arnold explained in the 
briefest detail why he had refused the cheque. The 
two partners glanced at one another. They hummed 
and hawed nervously. Then Mr. Lockhart said in 
slow tones : 

* Well, this is a disappointment to us, I confess, 
Mr. Willoughby. To tell you the truth, though we 
desired to divide the profits more justly than they 
were being divided by our original agreement, as is 
our habit in such cases, still, I won't deny we had 
also locked forward to the pleasure of publishing other 
books from your pen on subsequent occasions.' (Mr. 
Lockhart was a pompous and correct old gentleman, 
who knew how to talk in private life the set language 




of the business letter.) ' We hoped, in point of fact, 
you would have promised us a second book for the 
coming season.' 

Arnold's face flashed fiery red. This persistent 
disbelief made him positively angry. In a few forcible 
words, he explained once more to the astonished 
publisher that he had not written * An Elizabethan 
Seadog ' ; and that he doubted his ability to write any- 
thing like it. In any case, he must beg them to take 
back their cheque, and not to expect work of any sort 
from him in future. 

The partners stared at him in blank astonishment. 
They glanced at one another curiously. Then Mr. 
Lockhart rose, nodded, and left the room. Mr. Stanley, 
left alone, engaged them in conversation as best he 
could, for a minute or two. At the end of that time a 
message came to the senior partner : 

' Mr. Lockhart says, sir, could you speak to him for 
one moment ?' 

' Certainly,' Mr. Stanley answered. — * Will you 
excuse me a minute, if you please, Mr. Willoughby ? 
There's the last review of your book ; perhaps you'd 
like to glance at it.' And with another queer look he 
disappeared mysteriously. 

* Well,' he said to his partner, as soon as they were 
alone in Mr. Lockhart's sanctum, * what on earth does 
this mean? Do you suppose somebody else has 



MORTIMER STRIKES HOME 185 

offered him higher terms than he thinks he'll get 
from us? Jones and Burton may have bribed him. 
He's a thundering liar, any way, and one doesn't know 
what the dickens to believe about him.' 

'No,' Mr. Lockhart replied confidently; 'that's 
not it, I'm sure, Stanley. If he were a rogue, he'd 
have pocketed our cheque without a word, and taken 
his next book all the same to the other people. It 
isn't that, I'm certain, as sure as my name's Lockhart. 
Don't you see what it is? The fellow's mad; he 
really thinks now he didn't write the " Seadog." 
Success has turned his head. It's an awful pity. 
He began with the story as an innocent deception ; he 
went on with it afterwards as an excellent advertise- 
ment ; now he's gone off his head with unexpected 
triumph, and really believes he didn't write it, but 
discovered it. However, it's all the same to us. I 
tell you what we must do : ask him, if ever he discovers 
any more interesting manuscripts, to give us the first 
refusal of his translation or decipherment.' 

But when they returned a few minutes later with 
this notable proposition, Arnold could only burst out 

laughing. 

*No, no,' he said, really amused at last. *I see 
what you think. Mr. Mortimer will tell you I'm as 
sane as you are. You fancy I'm mad ; but you're 
quite mistaken. However, I can honestly promise 

you what you ask — that if I have ever again any pub- 
lishing business to transact, I will bring my work 
first to you for refusal.' 

So the interview ended. Comic as it was from one 
point of view, it yet saddened Arnold somewhat. He 
couldn't help being struck by this persistent fate which 
made him all through life be praised or admired, not 
for what he really was or really had done, but for some 
purely adventitious, or even unreal, circumstance. He 
went away and resumed once more his vain search for 
work. But as day after day went by, and he found 
nobody ready to employ a practically one-armed man, 
with no recommendation save that of having served 
his time as a common sailor, his heart sank witliin 
him. The weather grew colder, too, and his weak 
lung began to feel the chilly fogs of London. Worst 
of all, he was keeping Kathleen also in England ; for 
she wouldn't go South and leave him, though her work 
demanded that she should winter as usual in Venice, 
where she could paint the range of subjects for which 
alone, after the hateful fashion of the present day, she 
could find a ready market. All this made Arnold not 
a little anxious, the more so as his fifty pounds, no 
matter how well husbanded, were beginning to run 
out and leave his exchequer empty. 

In this strait, it was once more Rufus Mortimer, 
their unfailing friend, who came to Arnold's and Kath- 



MORTIMER STRIKES HOME 187 

leen's assistance. He we?it roimd to Arnold's rooms 
one afternoon full of serious warning. 

' Look here, my dear Willoughby,' he said ; * there 
is such a thing as carrying conscientious scruples to 
an impracticable excess. I don't pretend to act up to 
my principles myself ; if I did, I should be compelled 
to sell all I have, like you, and give it to the poor, or 
their modern equivalent, whatever that may be, in the 
dominant political economy of the moment. But, 
somehow, I don't feel inclined to go such lengths for 
my prmciples. I lock them up in a cabinet as interest- 
ing curiosities. Still, you, you know, rush into the 
opposite extreme. The past is past, and can't, of 
course, be undone ; though I don't exactly see that 
you were bound in the first instance quite so utterly 
to disinherit yourself— to cut yourself off with the 
proverbial shilling. But as things now stand, I think 
it's not right of you merely for the sake of pampering 
your individual conscience— which, after all, may be 
just as much mistaken as anybody else's conscience— 
to let Miss Hesslegrave live in such perpetual anxiety 
on your behalf. For her sake, I feel sure, you ought 
to make up your mind to sacrifice to some extent your 
personal scruples, and at least have a try at writing 
something or other of your own for Stanley and Lock- 
hart. You could publish it simply under your present 
name as Arnold Willoughby, without reference in any 

way to the " Elizabethan Seadog "; and if, in spite of 
all your repeated disclaimers, people still persist in 
describing you as the author of the book you only 
translated, why, that's their fault, not yours, and I 
don't see why you need trouble yourself one penny 
about it.' 

* I've thought of that these last few days,' Arnold 
answered, yielding slightly ; ' and I've even begun to 
plan out a skeleton plot for a projected story ; but, 
then, it's — oh, so different from " An Elizabethan Sea- 
dog " ; a drama of the soul ; a very serious perform- 
ance. I couldn't really imagine anything myself in 
the least like Master John Collingham's narrative. 
I've no taste for romance. What i think I might do 
is a story of the sad lives of the seafaring folk I have 
lived and worked among — a realistic tale of hard toil 
and incessant privation and heroic suffering. But all 
that's so different from the Elizabethan buccaneer, 
that I don't suppose any publisher would care to 
touch it.' 

* Don't you believe it,' Mortimer answered with deci- 
sion. * They'd jump at it like grizzlies. Your name 
would be enough now to make any book go. I don't 
say more than one ; if your next should be a failure, 
you'll come down like a stick, as you went up like a 
rocket. I've seen more than one of these straw fires 
flare to heaven in my time, both in literature and art ; 



MORTIMER STRIKES HOME 189 

and I know how they burn out after the first flare-up 
— a mere flash in the pan, a red blaze of the moment. 
But, at any rate, you could try : if you succeeded, well 
and good ; if not, you'd at least be not a penny worse 
off than you are at present.' 

* Well, I've worked up my subject a bit in my own 
head,' Arnold answered more cheerfully ; * and I 
almost think I see my way to something that might 
possibly stand a chance of taking the public ; but 
there's the difficulty of writing it. What can I do 
with this maimed hand ? It won't hold a pen. And 
though I've tried with my left, I find it such slow 
work as far as I've yet got on with it.' 

* Why not have a typewriter ?' Mortimer exclaimed, 
with the quick practical sense of his countrymen. 
* You could work it with one hand — not quite so quick 
as with two, of course, but, still, pretty easily.' 

* I thought of that, too,' Arnold answered, looking 
down. * But — they cost twenty pounds. And I 
haven't twenty pounds in the world to bless myself 
with.' 

' If you'd let me make you a present of one ' 

Mortimer began; but Arnold checked him with a 
hasty wave of that imperious hand. 

' Not for her sake ?' the American murmured in a 
very low voice. 

And Arnold answered gently : * No, dear Mortimer, 



190 AT MARKET VALUE 

you kind, good friend — not even for her sake. There 
are still a few prejudices I retain even now from the 
days when I was a gentleman— and that is one of 
them.' 

Mortimer rose from his seat. 

* Well, leave it to me,' he said briskly. * I think I 
see a way out of it.' And he left the room in haste, 
much to Arnold's mute wonder. 

A few hours later he returned, bringing with him 
in triumph a mysterious paper of most legal dimen- 
sions. It was folded in three, and engrossed outside 
with big black letters, which seemed to imply that 
* This Indenture ' witnessed something really impor- 
tant. 

* Now, all I want,' he said in a most business-like 
voice, laying the document before Arnold, * is just 
your signature.' 

' My signature !' Arnold answered, with a glance at 
the red wafers that adorned the instrument. * Why, 
that's just the very thing I'm most particular about 
giving.' 

*0h, but this is quite simple, I assure you,' 
Mortimer replied with a persuasive smile. 'This is 
just a small agreement with Stanley and Lockhart. 
They covenant to pay you one hundred pounds down 
— look here, I've got the cheque in my pocket already 
— the merest formality — by way of advance on the 



MORTIMER STRIKES HOME 191 

royalties of a book you engage to write for them ; a 
work of fiction, of whatever sort you choose, length, 
size, and style to be left to your discretion. And 
they're to publish it when complete, in the form that 
may seem to them most suitable for the purpose, 
giving you fifteen per cent, on the net price of all 
copies sold in perpetuity. And if I were you, Wil- 
loughby, I'd accept it offliand. And I'll tell you what 
I'd do : I'd start off at once post-haste to Venice, 
where you'd be near Miss Hesslegrave, and where she 
and you could talk the book over together while in 
progi'ess.' He dropped his voice a little. * Seriously, 
my dear fellow,' he said, * you both of you look ill, 
and the sooner you can get away from this squalid 
village, I think, the better.' 
Arnold read over the agreement with a critical eye. 

* I see,' he said, ' they expressly state that they 
do not hold me to have written " An Elizabethan 
Seadog," but merely to have discovered, deciphered, 
and edited it.' 

* Yes,' Mortimer replied with a cheerful smile. 'I'm 
rather proud of that clause. I foresaw that that 
interminably obtrusive old conscience of yours would 
step in with one of its puritanical objections, if I didn't 
distinctly stipulate for that exact proviso ; so I made 
them put it in ; and now I'm sure I don't know what 
you can possibly stick at ; for it merely provides that 



192 AT MARKET VALUE 

fchey will pay you fifteen per cent, on any precious 
book you may care to write ; and they're so perfectly 
sure of seein'j their money again, that they'll give you 
a hundred pounds down on the nail for the mere pro- 
mise to write it.' 

'But suppose I were to die meanwhile,' Arnold 
objected, still staring at it, Svhat insurance could they 
give themselves ?' 

Rufus Mortimer seized his friend by the waist 
perforce ; pushed him bodily into a chair ; placed a 
pen in his left hand, and laid the document before 
him. 

* Upon my soul,' he said, half humorously, half 
angrily, * that irrepressible conscience of yours is 
enough to drive any sane man out of his wits. 
There ! not another word. Take the pen and sign, — 
Thank Heaven, that's done. I didn't ever think I 
could get you to do it. Now, before you've time to 
change what you're pleased to call your mmd, I shall 
rush off in a cab and carry this straight to Stanley 
and Lockhart. Sign the receipt for the hundred 
pounds at once. — That's right ! One must treat you 
like a child, I see, or there's no doing anything with 
you. Now, I'm off. Don't you move from your chair 
till I come back again. Cf,n't you see, you donkey, 
that if they want to be insured against the chance of 
your death, that's their affair, not yours? and that 



MORTIMER STRIKES HOME i93 

they have insured themselves abeady a dozen times 
over with the " EUzabethan Seadog ?" ' 

'Btop, stop a moment,' Arnold cried, some new 
scruple suggesting itself ; but Mortimer rushed head- 
long down the stairs without heeding him. He had a 
hansom in waiting below. 

*To Stanley and Lockhart's,' he cried eagerly, 
« near Hyde Park Corner.' And Arnold was left alone 
to reflect with himself upon the consequences of his 
now fairly irrevocable action. 

In half an hour, once more Mortimer was back, 

quite radiant. 

' Now, that's a bargain,' he said cheerily. ' We've 
sent it off to be duly stamped at Somerset House ; and 
then you can't go back upon it without gross breach 
of contract. You're booked for it now, thank 
Heaven. Whether you can or you can't you've got 
to write a novel. You're under agreement to supply 
one, good, bad, or indifferent. Next, you must come 
out with me and choose a typewriter. We'll see for 
ourselves which is the best adapted to a man with one 
hand. And after that, we'll go straight and call on 
Miss Hesslegrave ; for I shan't be satisfied now till I've 
packed you both off by quick train to Venice.' 

'I wonder,' Arnold said, *if ever fiction before was 

so forcibly extorted by brute violence from any man ?' 

'I don't know,' Mortimer answered. 'And I'm 

26 

VOL. II. 



194 AT MARKET VALUE 

sure I don't care. But I do know this — if you try 
to get out of it now on the plea of compulsion, why, 
to prove you clearly wrong, and show you're in every 
way a free agent, I'm hanged if I don't brain you.' 

As they went away from the shop where they had 
finally selected the most suitable typewriter, Arnold 
turned towards Cornhill. 

* Well, what are you up to now?' Mortimer inquired 
suspiciously. 

* I was thinking,' Arnold said with some little hesi- 
tation, * whether I oughtn't in justice to Stanley and 
Lockhart to insure my life for a hundred pounds, 
in case I should die, don't you know, before I finished 
my novel.' 

Next instant, several people in Cheapside were 
immensely surprised by the singular spectacle of a 
mild-faced gentleman in frock-coat and chimney-pot 
hat shaking his companion vigorously, as a terrier 
shakes a rat. 

* Now, look here, you know, Willoughby,' the mild- 
faced gentleman remarked in a low but very decided 
voice ; * I've got the whip-hand of you, and I'm com- 
pelled to use it. You listen to what I say. If you 
spend one penny of that hundred pounds — which I 
regard as to all practical intents and purposes Miss 
Hesslegrave's, in any other way except to go to Venice 
and write this novel, which must be a really first-rate 



MORTIMER STRIKES HOME 195 

one — I'll tell you what I'll do : I'll publicly reveal the 
disgraceful fact that you're a British peer, and all the 
other equally disgraceful facts of your early life, your 
origin, and ancestry.' 

The practical consequences of which awful threat 
was that by the next day but one Kathleen and Arnold 
were on their way South together, bound for their 
respective lodgings as of old in Venice. 



CHAPTEE XXIX. 

Arnold's masterpiece. 

In spite of hard fare and occasional short commons, 
that winter at Venice was a happy one for Arnold. 
For Kathleen, it was simply the seventh heavens. 
Every day of it was pure gold. For women are not like 
men in their loves. If a man's engaged, he pines and 
frets to get married ; he sees a goal ever beckoning 
him forward; whereas if a woman's engaged, she is 
amply satisfied to sit down in peace with her lover by 
her side, to see him and to talk with him. That 
feminine joy Kathleen drank to the full through one 
delicious winter. What matter to her that perhaps 
at the end of it Arnold's projected book might prove a 
dismal failure ? — in which case, of course, they would 
be plunged once more into almost as profound diiBfi- 
culties and doubts as ever. Meanwhile, she had 
Arnold. Bhe lived in the present, as is the wont of 
women ; and she enjoyed the present a great deal too 



ARNOLD'S MASTERPIECE 197 

much to be seriously alarmed for that phantom, the 
future. 

Besides, she had such absolute confidence in 
Arnold ! She knew he could write something ten 
thousand times better than the * Elizabethan Seadog.' 
That, after all, was a mere tale of adventure, well 
suited to the grown-up childish taste of the passing 
moment. Arnold's novel, she felt certain, would be 
ever so much more noble and elevated in kind. Must 
not a man like Arnold, who had seen and passed 
through so many phases — who had known all the 
varied turns and twists of life, from the highest to the 
lowest ; who had lived and thought and felt and acted 
— be able to produce some work of art far finer and 
truer and more filling to the brain than Master John 
Collingham, the ignorant bully of an obscure village 
in Elizabethan Norfolk ? To be sure, Arnold, more 
justly conscious of his own powers and his own fail- 
ings, warned her not to place her ardent hopes too 
high ; not to credit him with literary gifts he didn't 
possess; and, above all, not to suppose that know- 
ledge, or power, or thought, or experience, would ever 
sell a bock as well as novelty, adventure, and mere 
flashy qualities. In spite of all he could say, Kath- 
leen persisted in believing in Arnold's story till she 
fairly frigh.oned him. He couldn't bear to fix his 
mind on the rude awakening that no doubt awaited her. 



198 AT MARKET VALUE 

For, after all, he hadn't the slightest reason to 
suppose he possessed literary ability. His momentary 
vogue was altogether d le to his lucky translation of a 
work of adventure, whose one real merit lay in the go 
and verve of its Elizabethan narrator. He had been 
driven against his will into the sea of authorship, for 
navigating which he felt he had no talent, by Rufus 
Mortimer, in dire conspiracy with Stanley and Lock- 
hart. Nothing but disastrous failure could possibly 
result from such an undertaking ; he dreaded to wake 
up and find himself branded by the entire critical 
press of England as a rank impostor. 

However, being by nature a born worker — a quality 
which he had inherited from Mad Axminster — once 
he had undertaken to supply Stanley and Lockhart 
with a novel unspecified, he worked at it with a will, 
determined to give them in return for their money the 
very best failure of which his soul was capable. With 
this intent, he plied his typewriter, one-handed, 
morning, noon, and night; while Kathleen often 
dropped in at odd moments to write for him from 
dictation, and to assist him with her advice, her 
suggestions, and her criticism. 

A good woman can admire anything the man of 
her choice may happen to do. To Kathleen, there- 
fore, that first callow novel of Arnold Willoughby's — 
* A Romance of Great Grimsby ' — was from its very 



ARNOLD'S MASTERPIECE 199 

inception one of the most beautiful, most divinely 
inspired, most noble works of art ever dreamt or 
produced by the human intellect. She thought it 
simply lovely. Nothing had yet been drawn more 
exquisite in its tender and touching delineation of 
the seafarer's wife than Maggie Holdsworth's char- 
acter ; nothing more stern or sombre or powerful than 
the figure of the gaunt and lean-limbed Skipper. It 
was tragedy to her — real high-class tragedy ; when 
Arnold hinted gently how the Hebdomadal Scarijier 
would laugh his pathos to scorn, and how the Anti- 
quated Growler would find it * dull and uninteresting, 
not to say positively vulgar,' she thought it impossible 
to believe him. Nobody could read that grim story, 
she felt sure, without being touched by its earnestness, 
its reality, and its beauty. 

All that winter through, Arnold and his occasional 
amanuensis worked hard at the novel that was the 
man's last bid for a bare subsistence. He felt it so 
himself ; if that failed, he knew no hope was left him ; 
he must give up all thoughts of Kathleen or of life ; 
he must creep into his hole, like a wounded dog, to 
die there quietly. Not that Arnold was at all of a 
despondent nature ; on the contrary, few men were so 
light and buoyant; but the difficulties he had en- 
countered since he left off being an Earl made him 
naturally distrustful of what the future might have 



200 AT MARKET VALUE 

in store for him. Nevertheless, being one of the 
sort who never say die, he went on with his story 
with a valorous heart ; for was it not for Kathleen ? 
And if he failed, he thought to himself more than 
once, with just pride, he would have the consolation 
of knowing he had failed in spite of his best endeavour. 
The fault, then, would lie not with himself, but with 
nature. The best of us can never transcend his own 
faculties. 

Rufus Mortimer spent that winter partly in Paris, 
partly in Eome. He avoided Venice. Though his 
palazzo on the Grand Canal lay empty all that year, 
he thought it best not to disturb Arnold's and Kath- 
leen's felicity by interfering with their plans or 
obtruding his presence. But as spring came round, 
he paid a hasty visit of a few short days to the city 
that floats in the glassy Adriatic. It seemed like old 
times both to Arnold and Kathleen when Paifus 
Mortimer's gondola, equipped as ever by the two 
handsome Venetians in maize-coloured sashes, called 
at the doors of their lodgings to take them out to- 
gether for their day's excursion. In the evening, 
Rufus Mortimer dropped round to Kathleen's rooms. 
Arnold was there by appointment ; he read aloud a 
chapter or two for Mortimer's critical opinion. He 
chose the episode of the Skipper's marriage ; the 
pathetic passage where Ealph Woodward makes his 



ARNOLD'S MASTERPIECE 201 

last appeal to Maggie Hoklsworth ; and the touching 
scene where Maggie at last goes forth, with her baby 
in her arms, in search of Enoch. 

* Isn't it lovely !' Kathleen exclaimed with her 
innocent faith, as soon as Arnold had finished. ' I 
tell Arnold he needn't be afraid of its reception. This 
is ten times as fine as the ** Elizabethan Sea- 
dog." ' 

*I don't quite feel certain,' Mortimer answered, 
nursing his chin, and conscious of his responsibility ; 
he feared to raise their hopes by too favourable an 
opinion. * I don't seem to recognise it's just the sort 
of thing the public wants. Doesn't it lack dramatic 
interest ? You and I may admire certain parts very 
much ; and I confess there were passages that brought 
tears into my eyes ; but the real question is, will the 
world at large like it — will it suit the great public at 
Smith's and Mudie's ? We must remember that Wil- 
loughby's a quite new author ; the very fact that the 
world expects from him something like the "Eliza- 
bethan Seadog " may tell against this simple domestic 
story. My experience is, that when once a man has 
stood on his head to amuse the public, the public will 
never allow him to stand on his feet again. And 
that's what I fear in this ease ; the people who read 
Master John Collingham greedily may vote Arnold 
Willoughby slow and uninteresting.' 



203 AT MARKET VALUE 

' Oh, Mr. Mortimer, how can you ?' Kathleen 
exclaimed, quite horrified. 

* He's right, Kitty,' Arnold answered (it was Arnold 
and Kitty nowadays between them). ' I've felt that 
myself all along as I was writing it. The story's so 
sombre. It's better suited, I'm afraid, to the tastes of 
the generation that read ** Adam Bede " than to the 
tastes of the generation that reads Rider Haggard and 
Conan Doyle and Rudyard Kipling. However, in 
patience must we possess our souls ; there's no telling 
beforehand, in art or literature, how the British public 
may happen to look upon any new departure.' And 
he went to bed that night in distinctly low spirits. 

A week later the manuscript was duly conveyed to 
London by Arnold in person. Kathleen followed a 
few days after, out of deference to Mrs. Grundy. 
Arnold was too shy or too proud to take the manu- 
script himself round to Stanley and Lockhart ; but 
Mortimer bore it thither for him in fear and trembling. 
Scarcely had Mr. Stanley glanced at the book, when 
his countenance fell. He turned over a page or two. 
His mouth went down ominously. 

'Well, this is )wt the sort of thing I should have 
expected from Mr. Willoughby,' he said with frank- 
ness. * It's the exact antipodes, in style, in matter, in 
treatment, and in purpose, of the ** Elizabethan 
Seadog." I doubt whether it's at all the sort of book 



ARNOLD'S MASTERPIECE 803 

to catch the public nowadays. Seems a decade or 
two behind the times. We've got past that type of 
novel. It's domestic, pm-ely. We're all on adventm-e 
nowadays.' 

' So I was afraid,' Mortimer answered; 'but, at any 
rate, I hope you'll do the best you can for it, now 
you've got it.' 

* Oh, certainly,' Mr. Stanley answered, in no very 
reassuring voice. * Of course, we'll do our level best 
for it. We've bought it and paid for it— in part, at 
least— and we're not likely, under those circumstances, 
not to do our level best for it.' 

'Willoughby retains an interest in it, you re- 
member,' Rufus Ai.rtimer went on. ' You recollect, I 
suppose, that he retains a fifteen per cent, interest in 
it?' 

' Oh, certainly,' Mr. Stanley answered. ' I recollect 
perfectly. Only, I'm afraid, to judge by the look of 
the manuscript— which is dull at first sight, undeni- 
ably dull — he hasn't much chance of getting more out 
of it than the hundred pounds we've paid him in 
advance on account of royalties.' 

This was disappointing news to Mortimer ; for he 
knew Arnold had spent a fair part of that hundred on 
his living expenses in Venice ; and where he was to 
turn in the future for support, let alone for the means 
to marry Kathleen, Mortimer could form no sort of 



204 AT MARKET VALUE 

conception. He could only ro on hoping against 
hope that the book might ' pan out ' better than 
Stanley and Lockhart supposed — that the public 
might see things in a different light from the two 
trade experts. 

Three days later, Mr. Stanley came down to the 
office, much perturbed in spirit. 

' I say, Lockhart,' he cried, ' I've been reading over 
this new thing of Willoughby's — this *' Romance of 
Great Grimsby," as he chooses to call it — what an 
odious title ! — and I must say I'm afraid we've just 
chucked away our money. He wrote the '* Seadog " 
by a pure fluke, that's where it is. Must have been 
mad or drunk or in love when he did it. I' believe 
he's really mad, and still sticks to it he discovered 
and transcribed that manuscript. He's written this 
thing now in order to prove to us how absolutely 
different his own natural style is. And he's proved 
it with a vengeance. It's as dull as ditch-water. 
I don't believe we shall ever sell out the first 
edition.' 

* We can get it all subscribed beforehand, I 
think,' his partner answered, * on the strength of the 
" Seadog." The libraries will want a thousand copies 
between them. And after all, it's only the same thing 
as if he had taken the hundred pounds we offered him 
in the first instance. We shall be no more out of 



ARNOI "•'' MASTERPIECE 205 

pocket, if this venture fails, than we should have been 
if he'd accepted our cheque last summer.' 

' Well, we'd better pull off only as many as we think 
the demand will run to,' Mr. Stanley continued with 
caution. ' It'll be asked for at first, of course, on the 
merits of the " Seadog " ; but as soon as people begin 
to find out for themselves what feeble trash it really 
is, they won't want any more of it ! Poor pap, I 

call it !' 

So the great novel, which had cost Arnold and 
Kathleen so many pangs of production, came out in 
the end in its regulation three volumes just like any 
other. There was an initial demand for it, of course, 
at Mudie's ; that Arnold had counted upon ; anything 
which bore the name of the 'editor' of 'An Eliza- 
bethan Seadog ' on the title-page could hardly have 
fared otherwise. But he waited in profound anxiety 
for what the reviews would say of it. This was his 
own first book, for the ' Seadog ' was but a transcript; 
and it would make or mar him as an original author. 
Oddly enough, they had longer to wait for reviews 
than in the case of Arnold WiUoughby's first venture. 
It was the height of the publishing season ; editors' 
tables were groaning with books of travel, and bio- 
graphies, and three-volume novels, and epochs of 
history, boiled down for the consumption of the laziest 
intellects. A week or two passed, and still no notice 



2o6 AT MARKET VALUE 

of the * Eomance of Great Grimsby.' At last, one 
afternoon, Arnold passed down the Strand, and stopped 
to buy an influential evening paper on the bare chance 
of a criticism. His heart gave a bound. Yes, there 
it was on the third page — ' Mr. Arnold "Willoughby's 
New Departure.' 

He took it home with him, not daring to sit and read 
it on the Embankment. The very first sentence chilled 
him. 

* When a man begins by doing good work, the public 
has a right to expect good work in future from him. 
Mr. Arnold Willoughby, or whatever gentleman chooses 
to veil his unknown personality under that obvious 
pseudonym, struck fresh ground, and struck it well, 
in his stirring romance of "An Elizabethan Seadog." 
He would have done better to remember the advice 
which a Scotchman in the Gallery once gave to Boswell 
on a famous occasion: " Stick to the coo, mon !" Mr. 
Willoughby, unfortunately, has not stuck to his coo. 
He has a distinct talent of his own , for wild tales of 
adventure, in which he can well simulate a certain air 
of truth, and can reproduce the style -of a bygone age 
with extraordinary fidelity and historical accuracy. 
But the higher pathos and the higher constructive 
faculty are altogether beyond the range of his not in- 
considerable powers. To put it frankly, his three- 
volume novel, in spite of obvious straining after the 



ARNOLD'S MASTERPIECE 207 

most exalted qualities, almost induces one to accept 
Mr. WiUoughby's own improbable story of the findmg 
of his manuscript in a Venetian cook-shop, and to 
believe that he was really nothing more, after all, than 
the translator and editor of that excellent tale of 
buccaneering life in the Sixteenth Century.' 

Arnold's head reeled round. Still, he read on and 
on. It was all in the same strain. Not one word of 
cold praise for his poor little bantling ! The reviewer 
demolished him as though he were not a vertebrate 
animal. His plot was crude, ill-considered, and ridi- 
culous. His episodes were sometimes improbable, but 
oftener still impossible. His conversations were unreal ; 
his personages shadowy ; his picture of fisher-life melo- 
dramatic and unconvincing. It was plain he knew 
nothing at first hand of the sea. Everything in the 
book from beginning to end was bad. Bad, bad, bad— 
as bad as it could be. The reviewer could only hope 
that in his next venture Mr. Willoughby would return 
from this puerile attempt to put himself outside his 
own natural limitations to the proper sphere he had 
temporarily deserted. 

Arnold laid down the paper, crimson. Very new 
authors are affected by reviews. He knew it, he knew 
it ! He had been betrayed into attempting a task 
beyond his powers by the kindly solicitations of that 
good fellow Mortimer. For Mortimer's sake, even 



2o8 AT MARKET VALUE 

more than his own, he felt it acutely. One thing he 
prayed — that Kathleen might not happen to see that 
review, and be made utterly miserable by it. He 
must try, if possible, to break his failure gently to 
her. 

He went out again, to ca.l on her, and hint. his 
despondency. After that, he tnought he would go and 
see Stanley and Lockhart, to ask them how much they 
were losing by his novel. 

He walked along with burning cheeks. And as he 
passed Kufus Mortimer's club, that clever young 
Vernon, who writes such stinging reviews for the 
evening papers, turned, with a smile, to the 
American. 

' There goes your friend Willoughby,' he said, with 
a wave of his cigarette. * Have you seen what a 
dressing I've given that silly book of his m this 
evening's Piccadilhj ? "A Romance of Great Grimsby " 
indeed! "A Drivel of Idiocy" he ought to have 
called it.' 



CHAPTER XXX. 

WHAT ALWAYS HAPPENS. 

When Arnold reached Kathleen's rooms, he found 
Mrs. Irving quietly seated there before him, while 
Kathleen herself was Immensely excited about some- 
thing unknown that had happened in the interval.

'Have you seen the evening papers?' she cried, 
almost as soon as he entered, rushing up and seizing 
his hand with sympathetic fervour. ' That dear Mrs. 
Irving, she's just brought them round to me !' 

'What papers?' Arnold answered, trembling in- 
wardly for her disappointment. Such friendliness was 
cruel. ' Not to-night's Piccadilly V 

'Oh dear no,' Kathleen answered, unable any longer 
to restrain her delight. 'Who cares for the Pic 
cadilly ? The Hyde Park Gazette and to-morrow's 
Athenaeum. Do look at them at once! There are 
such lovely reviews in them !' 

'Reviews?' Arnold exclaimed, drawing a deep long 

27 

VOL. II. 



2IO AT MARKET VALUE 

breath. ' Oh, Kitty, of our book ?' For it had been 
' ours ' with both of them in every-day talk from its 
very beginning. 

* Yes, ours,' Kathleen answered, overjoyed. * And, 
oh, Arnold, I'm so proud. To think it's your very, very 
own this time ! I shall always be so glad to remember 
I helped you write it !' 

* Let me see them,' Arnold cried, half mazed ; and 
Kathleen, with a glowing face, handed him over the 
papers. 

The poor fellow began, still tremulous, with the 
Hyde Park Gazette. How his heart beat fast, and 
then stood still within him ! The heading alone was 
enough : * Mr. Willoughby's New Triumph.' 

Once more the ground reeled under him, though in 
the opposite sense from the way it had reeled an hour 
or so before. He clutched a chair for support and 
sank into it, all dazzled. This was too, too splendid ! 
* Mr. Willoughby,' the notice began, with journalistic 
stiffness, * has scored a second success, far greater in 
its way than the success he scored over "An Eliza- 
bethan Seadog." His new novel, though utterly unlike 
its popular predecessor, is as admirable in execution ; 
but it is infinitely superior in design and purpose. 
The change is fundamental. Mr. Willoughby's new 
book strikes a far higher note, and strikes it firmly, 
clearly, definitely, with a hand of perfect mastery. 



WHA T ALWA YS HA PPENS 2 1 1 

His maiden effort had the merit of an exciting romance 
of action and adventm-e ; it belonged to the type now 
so unduly popular with the vast body of readers ; and 
our author showed us there that he could hold his 
own against any man living in the department of 
lurid historical fiction. He has done wisely now in 
revealing those profounder qualities of thought and of 
artistic workmanship which can only be adequately 
displayed in a more serious piece of psychological 
analysis. The result is most satisfactory. We must 
congratulate Mr. Willoughby on having escaped from 
thraldom to the foolish fancy of a passing day, on 
having abjured the fearful Joys of gore that flows 
like water, and on having ventured to use his own 
great powers to the best and highest purpose in the 
production of a sterling and pathetic romance, far 
worthier of his gifts than his in many ways admirable 
" Elizabethan Seadog." ' 

Arnold read on and on in a fervour of reaction. 
This was glorious ! magnificent ! Line by line the 
review revived in him all his belief in himself, all his 
belief in the reality of his own creations. And it 
flattered him profoundly. For it saw in his work 
those very qualities he himself had striven hardest 
with all his might to put into it. That is the only 
kind of praise a sensible man ever cares for ; he wants 
to be given credit for the merits he possesses, not for 



212 AT MARKET VALUE 

the merits he lacks : he wants to be approved of for 
producing the effects he actually aimed at. Arnold's 
face glowed with pleasure by the time he had reached 
the end; and as soon as he had finished that first 
flattering notice, Kathleen, smiling still more deeply, 
handed him the Athcnceum. 

Arnold turned to the critical organ again with a 
vague sense of terror. The first few sentences com- 
pletely reassured him. The leading literary journal 
was more Judicial, to be sure, and more sparing of its 
approbation, than the penny paper, as becomes a 
gazette which retails itself to this day for an aristo- 
cratic threepence ; but the review, as he read on, gave 
Arnold no less pleasure and gratification than the 
other one. For he perceived in it before long a certain 
tone and style which form as it were the hall-mark of 
a very distinguished critic, to have gained whose suf- 
frages was indeed no small joy to him. For the first 
time in his life Arnold felt he was being appreciated 
for himself alone— for the work he had really and 
actually performed, not for his artificial position or for 
extraneous merit falsely attributed to him. 

As for Kathleen, glowing pink with delight, she 
stood glancing over his shoulder as he read, and 
watching with a thrill the evident pleasure in his face 
at each fresh word of approval. Her cup was very 
full. At last he was appreciated ! As soon as he had 



WHAT ALWAYS HAPPENS 213 

finished, she turned, with a face all crimson, to her 
silver-haired friend. 

'I musl, Mrs. Irving!' she cried, with a womanly 
gesture — * I really must !' And in a transport of joy 
and triumph, she flung her arms round him and 
kissed him fervently. 

*I think,' Mrs. Irving said, rising with a quiet smile, 
and setting the bonnet straight over those silvei" locks, 
* I'd better be going to look after some errands. — No, 
dear ; I can't possibly stop an;, longer ; and I dare say 
you and Mr. Willoughby will have lots of things now 
to talk over quietly with one another.' 

And so they did. Arnold felt, of course, that if one 
bad review didn't make a chilling frost, neither did 
two good ones make an established reputation. Still, 
it did seem to him now as though the sky were 
clearing a bit ; as though it might be possible for him 
at last to marry Kathleen some time in the measurable 
future. They must wait and see, to be sure, how the 
book went off; but if it really succeeded, as a commer- 
cial venture, Arnold thought his path in life would 
henceforth lie tolerably smooth before him. 

So he waited a week or two, not daring meanwhile 
to go near Stanley and Lockhart's, for fear of a dis- 
appointment. During the interval, however, Kathleen 
couldn't help seeing for herself at the bookstalls and 
libraries abundant evidence that the * Komance of 



214 ^T MARKET VALUE 

Great Grimsby ' was making its way rapidly in public 
favour. Wherever she went, people spoke to her of 
* Your friend Mr. Willoughby's book— oh, charming, 
quite charming ! What a delightful man he must be 
to know — so clever ; and so versatile ! I wish you 
could bring him here.' And when Kathleen answered 
briefly, with a deep red spot on her burning cheek, 
that he didn't care to go out, people murmured to 
themselves, half aside : ' Ah, a little affectation ! 
He'll get over that, of course, as soon as he ceases to 
be the lion of the moment. But it's always so with 
lions. They're invariably affected.' For it was 
Arnold's fate in life to be persistently credited with 
the virtues and vices alike that were most alien to his 
shy and retiring disposition. 

At the end of three weeks more, with a very 
nervous step, he went round by himself to Stanley 
and Lockhart's. The moment he got inside the 
publisher's door, however, he was no longer in doubt 
whether or not his book was really selling. The office- 
boy recognised him at once, and descended deferentially 
from his high bare stool, flinging the wooden barrier 
open wide with a respectful sweep for the man who 
had written the book of the season. Arnold went up 
in a maze to the senior partner's room. Mr. Stanley, 
humming and bowing, received the new lion with much 
rubbing of hands and a very glowing countenance. 



WHAT ALWAYS HAPPENS 215 

' Selling, my clear sir ?' he said in answer to Arnold's 
modest inquiry. * Why, it's selling like wildfire. 
Biggest success of its kind since ** Robert Elsmere." 
T confess I certainly had my doubts at first ; I had my 
doubts : I won't deny it. I thought, having once 
fixed your public with the first book you — edited ' — 
Mr. Stanley, catching his breath, just saved himself 
with an effort from the peccant verb — * you would do 
better to stick, in future, to the same kind of thing 
you'd made your original hit with. It was an experi- 
ment — an experiment. But you Judged your own real 
talent more justly than I did. There can be no sort 
of doubt now that your book has hit the mark. It's 
being read all round. We're going to press to-day 
with a third edition.' 

Arnold's face grew pale. 

' A third edition !' he murmured. This sudden 
success at last was almost too much for him. ' Well, 
I'm glad of it,' he answered again, after a moment's 
pause — ' very glad indeed ; for I've found life hard at 
times, and once or twice lately, since my hand got 
crushed, to tell you the plain truth, I've almost 
despaired of it.' 

* Well, you won't find it hard in future,' the 
publisher said kindly, with a benignant smile. * No 
despairing henceforward. Whatever you write after 
this will command its own market. We're pleased to 



2i6 AT MARKET VALUE 

think, Mr. "Willoiigliby, we were the first to encourage 
you. It's a feather in our cap, as I said to Lockhart. 
Would you Uke a small cheque on account, say for a 
couple of hundreds ?' 

* A couple of hundred pounds ?' Arnold cried, taken 
aback. To have earned such a sum for himself as 
two hundred pounds seemed to him well-nigh in- 
credible. 

'Why, yes,' the man of business answered, with a 
good-humoured laugh. * A great deal more than that 
must be due to you already. Let me see : three 
thousand at eighteen-and-six— h'm, h'm : exactly so. 
Judging by what we made en the last book we 
published (the sale of which, after the same length of 
time had elapsed, was barely two-thirds of yours), I 
should fancy, before you've done, your book ought to 
bring you in somewhere about two thousand five 
hundred.' 

Arnold gasped for breath. Two thousand five 
hundred pounds ! And all of his own making ! With 
that one maimed hand too ! For the first time in his 
life, he was positively proud of himself. 

* There's only one thing, Kitty,' he said an hour or 
two later, as he sat holding her hand in her own 
pretty room in Kensington — * only one thing that 
mars my complete happiness; and that is the fact 
that I don't feel quite sure whether such work as 



WHAT ALWAYS IJArPENS 217 

mine is of any use to humanity. I don't feel quite 
sure whether a man can hold himself justified to the 
rest of his kind in living on the produce of lahour like 
that, as he might if he were a sailor, now, or a shoe- 
maker, or a miner!' 

' I do,' Kathleen answered, with a woman's simpler 
faith. * I feel quite certain of it. What would life be 
worth, after all, without these higher tastes and these 
higher products — art, literature, poetry? It is they, 
and they alone, that give it its value. I thought to 
myself, as you were writing it and dictating it to me 
at Venice : ** How wrong it would be for this man, 
who can think things like those, and put his thoughts 
so beautifully, to throw away his gifts by doing 
common sailor's work, that any ordinary workman 
with half his brains and a quarter of his sensitiveness 
could do a hundred times better, most probably, than 
he could !' 

*Not better,' Arnold exclaimed, correcting her 
hastily, and put on his mettle at once by this stray 
suggestion of inferiority in his chosen craft. * I'm a 
tip-top mariner ! I don't know whether I can paint ; 
and I don't know whether I can write a novel worth 
the paper it's printed on : but I do know I was always 
a first-rate hand at reefing a sail in dirty weather ; 
and the bo'sun used to say, ** Send Willoughby aloft, 
cap'n; he's the surest of the lot of 'em." Till my 



2i8 AT MARKET VALUE 

hand got crushed, I could haul a sheet with the hest 
man in England. My one consolation now is, that I 
lost it in the performance of my duty to the world ; 
and that so, having served my time, as it were, till 
accident maimed me, I'm at liberty to live on, like a sort 
of literary Chelsea pensioner, on whatever light work 
I can best turn the relics of my shattered hand to.' 

* And I'm sure it's good work, too,' Kathleen per- 
sisted, unabashed, with a woman's persistency. * Work 
that does good in the world quite as much as seal-oil, 
or shoes, or coal, not only by giving pleasure to who- 
ever reads it, but also by making people understand 
one another's difficulties and troubles better — break- 
ing down barriers of class or rank, and so uncon- 
sciously leading us all to be more sympathetic and 
human to one another.' 

* Perhaps so,' Arnold answered. * I hope it is so, 
Kitty !' 

There was a long pause next, during which Kathleen 
stared hard at the empty fireplace. Then Arnold 
spoke again. 

'After what Stanley and Lockhart told me,' he said, 
soothing her hand with his own — 'can you see any 
just cause or impediment, darling, why we two 
shouldn't make it "Wednesday fortnight ?' j 

Kathleen leaned forward to him with happy tears 
in her brimming eyes. 



WHAT ALWAYS HAPPENS 2\0 

' None at all, dear Arnold,' she answered, too happy 
for words, almost. ' The sooner now, I think, the 

better.' 

They sat there long, hand in hand, saying all they 
said mutely-which is, after all, the best way to say 
many things that lie deepest in the heart of humanity. 
Then Kathleen spoke again. 

' Only for one thing, dearest Arnold, do I wish you 
could have married me under your own real name.- 
No ; don't start and misunderstand me. I don't want 
to be a Countess ; I have no mean ambitions : I'd 
rather be Arnold Willoughby's wife, who wrote that 
beautiful book, than ten thousand times over an 
English Countess. But I do wish the world could only 
have known how brave and how strong you are, and 
how much you have gone through for the sake of 
principle. I want it to know how you might at any 
time have put out your hand and reclaimed your true 
rank, and how, for conscience' sake, you refused to 
do it. Many a time at Venice, this last long wmter, 
when I saw you so poor and ill and troubled, I thought 
to myself : '' Oh, I wish he could only break through 
his resolve, and go back with a rush to his own great 
world again." And then I thought, once more: *'0h 
no • for if he could do that, he wouldn't be the Arnold 
I love, and admire, and believe in so firmly: he is 
himself just in virtue of that ; and it's for being 



220 AT MARKET VALUE 

himself that I love him so utterly." And — it's irra- 
tional, of course ; illogical ; absurd ; self-contradictory ; 
but I somehow do wish you could proclaim yourself 
to the world, so that the world might admire you as 
it ought and would — for never so proclaiming your- 
self !' 

Arnold stooped down and kissed her. 

* My darling,' he answered, smoothing her cheek, 
' if I have gained your love, that's more than enough 
for me. What we are, not what we are taken for, is 
the thing that really matters. Most men, I suppose, 
are never truly known — not to the very heart and core 
of them — except by the one woman on earth that 
loves them. I often wonder whether I did right in 
the first place ; whether I ought ever to have shifted 
all that responsibility and all that wealth to dispose 
of, on to the shoulders of my cousin Algernon, who 
is certainly not the wisest or best man to make use of 
them. But would I have used them better? And 
once having done it, my way then was clear. There 
was no going back again. I shall be happy now in the 
feeling that, left entirely to myself, and by my own 
work alone, I have so far justified my existence to 
mankind that my countrymen are willing to keep me 
alive in comfort, for the sake of the things I can do 
and make for them. As the world goes, that's the one 
test we can have of our usefulness. And, Kitty, if I 



WHAT ALWAYS HAPPENS 221 

hadn't done as I have done, I should never have met 
you; and then I should never have known the one 
woman on earth who is willing to take me, not for 
the guinea stamp, but for the metal beneath it— who 
knows and believes that the man's the gold for a' 
that !' 



THE END. 