'It's a lovely view,' Mrs Erremont said, with her 
eyes on the Himmelberg. 

Sir Emilius Rawsoa looked up sharply and sur- 
veyed it in a critical mood through his glasses. He 
did not wish to commit himself. He gave the scene 
a searching glance, as if it were a doubtful patient, 
before he ventured upon his diagnosis. 'Yes, it is 
a lovely view,' he admitted at last, after scanning 
it all over. He made the admission with an air of 
curious candour, begotten of the habit of seldom 
granting anything, lest he should afterwards be 
convicted of possible error. ' It is a lovely view ! ' 
And he peered up and down, like one who expects 
to find some dangerous symptom lurking unobserved 
in some obscure corner. 

Not that Sir Emilius was the least interested in 
the view ; he had seen it before, and knew it thor- 
oughly. But it was an instinct with him to look 
everything steadily in the face for a minute or two 
before plunging into even the most casual opinion. 
Use had made it in him a second nature. You had 

only to look, indeed, at Sir Emilius's close-shaven 
face and preoccupied eyes in order to recognise at 
a glance the fact that he was a great London con- 
sulting physician. All big doctors acquire at last 
that preoccupied air ; it grows out of their profession ; 
they pretend to be listening to their patient's recital 
of unimportant details, while they are really em- 
ployed in looking behind his words and the mask 
of his face at such signs of constitution, disease, or 
temperament as his build and features may chance 
to indicate. Sir Emilius was bland, like all his class ; 
without blandness of manner and a deferential smile, 
you cannot succeed in medicine. But even while 
he folded his scrupulously white hands in front of 
him, fingers touching and thumbs upright, with an 
external appearance of the profoundest interest in 
his patient's life-history (from measles and scarlatina 
onward), he was inwardly engaged in observing to 
to himself, 'Strumous type; gouty diathesis: a 
large eater, a constant drinker of just a couple of 
glasses more wine than is good for him. General 
habit of body indicates the Carlsbad treatment. 
Prominent eyes — a loquacious talker; may as well 
makeup my mind to half-an-hour of him. — Quite so; 
I follow you ; it is one of the well-known sequelae 
of influenza. — Wish he'd come to the point. I can 
see beforehand it's premonitory symptoms of Bright's 
disease — and the fellow'll waste twenty minutes of 
my precious time before he even arrives at it !' 

For Sir Emilius was famous among men of his 
profession for his rapid and almost intuitive diag- 
nosis ; no doubt it was partly the promptitude with 



THE BLACK EAGLE 



which he could read other men's faces that gave 
his own that abiding look of preoccupied boredom. 
For it is hard, of course, to assume an air of interest 
in a story whose parallel you have heard ten thou- 
sand times before, and every detail of which you 
could supply by anticipation ; yet, if you make a 
large income by pretending to listen to it, you must 
needs acquire a professional appearance of intelligent 
sympathy with every fresh narrator who unfolds 
his woes to you. 

' When a lady of a certain age comes into my con- 
sulting-room, settles herself comfortably down, and 
begins by saying, " Doctor, I am the mother of four- 
teen children," ' Sir Emilius used often to remark in 
the privacy of family life, * I lean back in my arm- 
chair, fold my hands on my bosom, and close my 
eyes with a mechanical smile of gentle attention. 
For I know I shall have to listen to a full account 
of how all those fourteen children were, jointly and 
severally, brought into the world, as well as to every- 
thing that has happened to their mother in connection 
with each one of them. I lose consciousness for a 
moment in a placid doze, from which I awake auto- 
matically the moment she says, " And now, doctor, 
I come to my fourteenth." Then I know I may, 
perhaps, at last begin to hear why she wants to 
consult me.* 

So now, Sir Emilius gazed around him suspiciously 
at the pines and the mountains before he ventured at 
last on the non-committing remark, * It is a. fine view, 
I admit, Julia.* 

They were seated on an obtrusively rustic bench 


outside the Black Eagle Hotel in the RothenthaL 
Sir Emilius was tall, broad-shouldered, a somewhat 
massive figure — one of those immaculate English 
gentlemen whose most salient feature appears to be 
that they tub every morning. He had a close- 
shaven face, clear-cut features, and an expression 
that summed up the College of Physicians. No 
man, indeed, was ever quite so wise as Sir Emilius 
Rawson looked. He had that studied air of preter- 
natural sagacity which comes only from the assiduous 
employment of years in impressing your own superior 
knowledge and skill upon many thousand patients. 
When he put his hand to his chin, and drew it slowly 
downward, you* felt that he was bringing a gigantic 
intellect to bear upon the elements of some most 
difficult problem; when he puckered his forehead 
and gazed hard at you through his eyeglasses, you 
realised that the Rontgen rays themselves could not 
spy out more than he did of your internal skeleton. 
His half-sister, who sat beside him, was of different 
mould. Her air was shrinking. Sir Emilius, who 
was above everything physiological and modern, 
accounted for their unlikeness by the racial traits 
of their respective fathers. His own father, Dr 
Rawson of Ipswich, was a burly East Anglian 
who had died when Emilius was a boy of twelve 
leaving his widow not very well provided for. But 
Mrs Egremont's father, whom their mother bad 
married in her second trial of matrimony, was a 
Devonshire squire, endowed with the soft and 
gentle Devonian nature; he had been completely 
overshadowed during his married life by the clever- 



THE BLACK EAGLE 



5 



ness and energy of the woman he had chosen. It 
was from him, Sir Emilius thought, that Julia in- 
herited her more delicate characteristics. And, 
indeed, Mrs Egremont had a slender figure and 
sensitive face, deeply marked with the beauty of 
some great sorrow. She was still young, as women 
count youth nowadays — scarcely more than forty, 
and her features were daintily refined and sym- 
pathetic. She was one of those tall and graceful 
women who attract one at first sight by the moral 
qualities visible in their faces, and of whom one says 
at once, ' There is a good woman ! ' 

Mrs Egremont raised her large eyes slowly towards 
the peak of the Rothspitze. * Hubert ought to be 
coming back,* she murmured anxiously. 'He said 
it was only a six hours' expedition, and he's been 
gone over seven.* 

Sir Emilius lighted a cigarette — he allowed him- 
self the luxury of a cigarette in public at more than 
fifty miles from London. 'Expeditions invariably 
take longer than one thinks,* he answered, in a 
somewhat unconcerned voice. 'Add twenty per 
cent, to Baedeker's estimate, and you get the fair 
average. Besides, Hubert took his camera with 
him, didn't he?' 

'He did,' Mrs Egremont answered. 'That, of 
course, would delay him. Still, I just hate this 
mountain climbing for him. I hope, when he 
marries, Fede will make him promise to give it 
up. It's so horribly dangerous! I watched him 
through my field-glasses for an hour yesterday, 
clambering up that bare brown face of rock on the 


side of the Eselstein, and it made me giddy to look 
at him. I assure you, Mill, there wasn't a foothold 
anywhere. He seemed to me to cling by his 
eyebrows.* 

'These perpendicular cliffs are never quite so 
steep as they look from a distance,' Sir Emilius 
went on, calmly. 'Never — or seldom.' It was his 
habit to hedge, lest he should too rashly have com- 
mitted himself; for a doctor must always abstain 
from giving an absolute opinion ; ' never to prophesy 
unless you know,' is the wisdom of the profession. 
'When you get at close c aarters with them, you 
find them diversified by little inequalities of surface 
which enable you to climb; here, a jutting ledge; 
there, an inconspicuous crack; yonder again, a bush 
that springs from a cranny by whose aid you can 
prise yourself up. Hubert's all right; he's as safe 
a climber as any I ever saw. He has arms and 
legs exactly adapted for the work of mountaineer- 
ing. If you notice the muscles of his thumbs and 
wrists, you'll see at once — ' 

' Oh, what's that speck on the wall of rock ? * Mrs 
Egremont cried, leaning forward, and lifting her 
field-glass hurriedly. 

'A goat!' Sir Emilius answered, surveying it 
through his own. *A most unmitigated goat! — 
unless, indeed, it's a chamois. And the chamois, 
I believe, is a mythical beast, like gorgons and 
hydras and chimeras dire — a mere playful figment 
of the Swiss imagination. He exists, if at all, in 
order that the Swiss may carve him in wood during 
the depths of winter, to sell at an extravagant price 



to Cockney tourists in the following season. That's 
the worst, Julia, of you hens with one chicken. 
You carCt be philosophical. Boys will be boys; 
and Hubert is at the age when the desire to climb 
hereditarily manifests itself. *Tis a survival from 
monkeydom. My old enemy, the mother of four- 
teen, now, has the advantage of you there. She 
is calm and collected. Calmness, in fact, is her 
prevailing characteristic She tends, as a rule, to 
be large and placid. She runs naturally to fat, 
just as she runs to infants; — a superabundance of 
the assimilative and accumulative tendencies. When 
I see her sailing under twenty yards of black silk 
into my room in Harley Street, I sum her up at 
once. "My dear madam," I say mentally, "you 
are a mother of fourteen. You have buried three, 
and you have survived those shocks with matronly 
quietude. Your boys are abroad iri the world — 
Matabeleland, Texas, Manitoba, Trinidad — and they 
give you no anxiety. You are aware that they 
break their heads; and that heads can be mended. 
You know they get into scrapes; and that scrapes 
are things which young fellows crawl out of as 
easily as they fall i . them. You recognise the 
fact that they will marry horrid creatures; and 
that, by the end of six months, you and the horrid 
creature will be the best of friends, having mutually 
arrived at a modus vivendi, based upon the principle 
of an armed neutrality. You sleep o' nights and 
you lay on fat still, no matter what happens to 
you." Whereas, you, Julia—you, if your boy has 
gone one hour longer than he says, you grow 


visibly thin to the naked eye under the stress of 
your terrors. Why, you have crows' feet gathering 
round your eyes this very moment. Too anxious 
a temperament, my dear; too anxious a tempera- 
ment! You can't expect to keep a young man 
of twenty-two tied to your apron-string.* 

' I don't want to do that,' Mrs Egremont answered, 
flushing. 'I'm sure, Emilius, I've allowed him to 
go to Oxford, and to row and swim, and to take 
to anatomy, and everything of that sort; but this 
mountain climbing, you know, is so very different. 
And even in that I don't oppose him ; I try not 
to let him see how much it frightens me. I never 
once say to him, "I wouldn't, if I were you," for 
fear of seeming to interfere with his pleasures.' 

' No, you don't say it,* her brother answered, with a 
masculine smile. * But, by George, Julia, you look it.' 

* I'm sorry if I do,' the mother went on, with her 
eyes fixed steadily on the distant peak. *I can't 
bear to let Hubert see he's giving me trouble. Deaf 
boy, I only want to make him happy. And I know 
we women can't quite understand what a boy wants 
to do. We would like, of course, to make girls and 
women of them.' 

'Fortunately,' Sir Emilius interposed, 'there's not 
much danger of your succeeding in that aim with 
Hubert. He has a fine broad basis of solid manli- 
ness to work upon which it would be difficult to 
feminise. Though, of course, if you could, you would 
do your best to feminise it* 

* Oh, I hope not ! ' Mrs Egremont cried. ' PTy own 
dear boy I Why, I just love his manliness ! ' 



THE BLACK EAGLE 



* Yes, you just love his manliness. Every mother 
does ; and never remembers that it can only be 
ensured by those very dangers she would like to 
guard him from. Without breaking of eggs, my 
dear, there is no omelette. You only want to make 
him happy. Yet you let him see you live for his 
happiness. Now, isn't that the way to make him 
selfish?' 

Mrs Egremont shrank back, surprised. *What, 
Hubert selfish?' she cried. 'My Hubert selfish? 
Why, Mill, you can't mean it. Nothing on earth 
could make Hubert selfish ! ' 

The doctor stroked his chin ; professional habits 
survive even in private life. 'Well, I admit,* he 
answered, 'that Hubert, up to date, is one of the 
most affectionate and unselfish young fellows I ever 
came across. I allow he's wrapped up in you. 
Never knew a boy think more of his mother — as, 
of course, he ought to do, for you've been a perfect 
angel to him. Still, it can't be good for him to 
see that you are always thinking of him, and watch- 
ing over him, and planning his happiness. He's a 
good lad, I admit, and, as the stock phrase goes, he 
has never given you one minute's anxiety — though 
he's never ceased for one minute to be an anxiety 
to you. He's unselfish by nature, I grant That he 
takes from you; for you're about the most unselfish 
woman I ever came across, Julia ; and I've known you 
for forty-four years, and am in a position to judge of 
you. Still, consider the other side. These things 
are hereditary. Every man is liable, sooner or later, 
to show some traits, at least, that recall his father.' 



Mrs Egremont's cheek burned bright crimson. 
*His father !' she exclaimed, with a sudden fall in 
her voice. *His father! His father !' Then, after 
a moment, the glow dying away, she added, in a 
lower tone, ' Ah, yes ; I forgot ; his father ! ' 

* Walter was the most selfish pig I ever knew 
in my life,' Sir Emilius continued, with the frank- 
ness of family confidence. 

Mrs Egremont leaned forward with an impatient 
wave of the hand. 'Oh, don't talk of him!' she 
cried. * I am only happy — when I forget about him, 
Emilius.* 

Sir Emilius paused. He took a puff or two at 
his cigarette, then he resumed the conversation. 
'Still, you must realise,' he said, slowly, 'that if 
Hubert takes after you in some things, he must 
equally take after Walter in others. And Walter 
being a conspicuously selfish man, anything that 
tends to encourage selfishness in Hubert ought 
surely to be avoided.' 

Mrs Egremont paused too. For some minutes she 
seemed to turn the matter over in her mind. The 
doctor's eyes were fixed steadily upon her. He was 
reading her through and through, and she knew it 
perfectly. She trembled under his glance. He could 
see into one's brain. But at last she broke silence. 
'I suppose,' she said, hesitating, 'certain character- 
istics of one parent, Emilius, tend rather to come out 
in children, and certain of the other. Now, Hubert's 
father was undoubtedly, at least, a very able man ; 
he was a man of intellect And Hubert has intellect 
— far more intellect than he could ever have derived 





from me. Well, then, isn't it possible — I don't know, 
I put the question to you only as a physiologist — 
isn't it possible that Hubert might take intellectually 
after his father, and emotionally after me ? Might he 
not reproduce his father's brains without — without 
reproducing any moral defects his father may have 
exhibited?' 

*May have exhibited. Why, Julia,' Sir Emilius 
exclaimed, smiling, *how unnecessarily mild is your 
way of putting it ! You know as well as I do what 
sort of man Walter really was. Could Hubert inherit 
any kind of good quality from him — other than in- 
tellectual?' 

Mrs Egremont bowed her head. Again she was 
silent. * Don't let's talk of it,' she cried at last ; * I 
can't bear to think about it.' 

Sir Emilius rose from his place with great delibera- 
tion, and lighted another cigarette. ' Selfishest pig I 
ever knew in my life,' he murmured to himself in a 
very slow drawl, as he paced up and down in front of 
the seat. * But Julia's quite right ! Hubert doesn't 
take after him. This one-sided heredity is common 
enough, after all. Judge a man as a whole, and he's 
half his father and half his mother. But which 
half of each will come out in each part — why, that's 
more than physiology at present can decide for 
us I ' 

Mrs Egremont rose too. 'Emilius,' she cried, 
faltering, *I can't stand it any longer. This sus- 
pense wears me out. I must go and meet 
him!' 

' By all means,' Sir Emilius answered. * One walk 


like another! He's as safe as houses, of course. 
But we'll go and meet him.' 

' It was so black on the Eselstein once this after- 
noon,' the mother added, after a forced pause. * He 
may have been caught in a thunderstorm.* 

* Clouds designed in sepia,' Sir Emilius admitted. 
'But he'll come to no harm. An expert climber 
like Hubert! Cats have nine lives, they say: boys 
have ten, I fancy.' 

He walked on a pace or two, then he began again. 
' Hubert has intellect,' he said, * undoubted intellect. 
But it's badly compounded. The worst of him is, 
he's half a poet and half a physiologist. Now, 
you can't drive poetry and physiology tandem.' 

* Hubert drives them abreast,' Mrs Egremont 
retorted, gently. ' And, to my mind, they go very 
well in harness.' 



The Black Eagle in the Rothenthal is one of those 
old-fashioned Swiss hotels which lie a little off the 
beaten track of tourists. The season was autumn, 
and the crop of visitors was nearly all garnered. 
On the verandah of the inn the concierge stood 
lounging, with his cap on one side, a cheap Swiss 
cigar stuck carelessly in his mouth, and his hands 
in his pockets. Nobody else stood about except 
a single chambermaid, in the Bernese dress now 
confined to her occupation. The concierge nodded. 
'Season's over,* he murmured. 

* Never knew it close so early,* the chambermaid 
answered. 

'Bad weather in England,' the concierge replied. 
'Keeps them from coming south. Fine on the 
Italian lakes. Keeps them from coming north. I'm 
off to Nice, Rosa, if this sort of thing goes on much 
longer.' 

'Well, / don't mind it,' Rosa answered, with a 
saucy air. * A little relief after the hurry and scurry ! 
I'm engaged till the thirtieth, come visitors or come 
nobody.' 

' Ah, the patron engages you so ; but I'm by the 



week,' the concierge continued ; ' and as things go 
now, there's no tips worth speaking of.' 

* Well, I don't mind for that,' Rosa answered. * I've 
made a good season — and I want to stop on here 
as long as I can ; for I'm doing my winter at Naples, 
where my term doesn't begin before the loth of 
November. So of course it suits me best to hang on 
here and take it easy. There's nobody left on my 
floor now, except those English in Number Twenty.' 

' Ten coming to-morrow,' the concierge said, briefly. 

' Yes, but only Cookies. They give more trouble 
than pourboire those Cook's tourists.' 

' Too many Cooks spoil the Continent,' the con- 
cierge murmured, reflectively. * If it weren't for the 
Americans — * 

Rosa drew herself up suddenly. She was a 
transformed woman. The easy-going air of the 
chambermaid-at-large gave way at once to the 
oflicial demeanour of the chambermaid-in-waiting. 
At the same moment a similar transformation came 
over the concierge. He pulled his cap straight, 
hid his cigar in his palm, and assumed the severely 
well-bred air which is the badge of his position. 
Anyone could guess that strangers were coming. 
And, as a matter of fact, it was the roll of carriage- 
wheels that had wrought this metamorphosis. A 
Family was arriving. ' Must be those stingy Italians 
who telegraphed for rooms on the third floor from 
Milan,' Rosa murmured, pulling her Bernese bodice 
straight, and arranging her hair in the most approved 
fashion. * He calls himself a Marquis ; but he wants 
on scUon ! Just like those Italians ! ' 



A FLORENTINE NOBLEMAN 



15 



The concierge rang the big bell. All at once, 
from the recesses of the kitchen and dining-room, , 
a whole posse of waiters in very white ties and very 
black coats swarmed out like ants, to take their 
stand on the steps and welcome the new-comers. 
The patron himself, all cringing obsequiousness, one 
wrinkled smile, stood at the top of the flight and 
rubbed his hands in expectation: the waiters and 
chambermaids, the boots and porters, all stood at 
attention in their various positions. As the carriage 
with the 'stingy Italians' drew up at the foot of 
the steps, the concierge advanced, all servility, to 
g eet them ; while the landlord, representative of 
e only real aristocracy in modern Switzerland, 
bowed his profoundest bow from the top of the 
flight to the prospective cust)mers. 

The concierge took the rug? and umbrellas as they 
descended. 'For 70,' he observed in an undertone 
to the porter. * Take that bag down, Karl I The 
lady's parasol, Rosa! Alphonse, the portmanteau!' 
A stout but well-built Italian gentleman rose from 
his seat in a leisurely manner. He was tall and 
broad-shouldered, with very big moustaches and a 
bushy black beard, and his appearance was that of 
a born aristocrat. He smiled a bland smile of some- 
what cynical amusement 'Received, as usual, by 
the whole strength of the company,' he said, in his 
soft Tuscan, turning round to his pretty young 
daughter who accompanied him. *We shall have 
to pay for it, Fede ! No pay, no politeness ; nothing 
in Switzerland without paying through the nose for 
it!' Then he went on in good colloquial German 


to the concierge, ' I telegraphed from Milan for 
rooms for myself and my daughter. I hope you 
have reserved them. The Marchese and Marchesa 
Tornabuoni.' He said the last words with just a 
touch of pomposity. 

* St, signore,* the concierge answered in Italian, 
anxious to show he had fully understood that part 
of the colloquy which was not intended for him, — 
and politer than usual in order to disprove its 
libellous insinuations. 'Your rooms are ready for 
you. Will your excellency and the Signora Marchesa 
give yourselves the trouble to mount at once to 
them I* ' 

* A lift ? * the Marchese inquired, raising his eye- 
brows. 

*St, signore; a lift and electric light; we made 
the installation for both this season.' 

' Looks comfortable, Fede,' the Marchese went on, 
under his breath, shaking off the first layer of the 
dust of travel. 'Pouf! that St Gottard is dusty 
enough for anything ; but the road here from Goes- 
chenen — my faith, what clouds! I shall never be 
clean again ! ' 

*I wonder Hubert wasn't here to meet us,' Fede 
observed, glancing round her. She was a tall girl 
of eighteen, with abundant dark hair and a dusky 
complexion ; yet bright-coloured and rosy, with the 
ingenuous beauty of young southern girls in the 
opening rosebud stage of development. 

* Hubert here to meet us ! ' the Marchese exclaimed, 
gazing about him in return. ' Hubert here to meet 
us. Not if / can help it! My child, how foolish 



of you ! No, no, I took good care to prevent such 
a mischance. 1 wrote particularly that we would 
not arrive at Rv. then thai till to-morrow. Why, what 
is the girl thinking of? Your hair is full of dust; 
you're as brown as a myrtle-berry; you're flushed 
and blown about ; your hat's on one side ; and your 
dress doesn't look the least bit becoming. No pure- 
blooded Italian girl would ever dream of appearing in 
such a state as yours before her inamorato. That's 
the English blood in you — your poor dear mother's 
blood— and the English training!' 

Fede's face grew still redder. ' But I should have 
liked him to be here,' she said, simply. 'And he 
would have been here, of course, if he'd known I 
was coming.* 

'No doubt,' her father answered, with the same 
cynical smile. 'To prevent which misfortune, my 
poor dear innocent, I wrote we would arrive by mid- 
day to-morrow, and so secured you time to put your 
hair straight and wash your face and hands before 
meeting your lover. We know nothing as yet of his 
position and prospects ; but if he's a proper person 
to marry you at all, it's as well you should make 
a good first impression upon him and his family.' 

* I don't feel like that to Hubert,' Fede answered, 
smiling. ' Hubert is — well, in England, you know, 
it's all so different' 

• But we are not in England,' the Marchese replied, 
biting the end of his moustache. 'So now go to 
your room and make yourself presentable. A girl 
should always look her best before her lover — until 
she's married him. Here, concierge, one moment ! ' 

' Signore ! ' 

' Is there a Mr Egremont in the house ? ' 

'Yes, signore; and Mrs Egremont, his mother; 
and Sir Emilius Rawson ; all three of them English.' 

'Then don't tell them we've arrived. Weil go 
up to our rooms now, and see them later.' 

* Is Mr Egremont in the hotel at present ? * Fede 
interposed, all crimson. 

' No, signora, not at this moment. He started for 
a trip up the Eselstein this morning, and has not 
yet returned. His mother and uncle have gone out 
to meet him.' 

' That's well,' the Marchese answered. ' Go up to 
your room at once, Fede. You're a perfect fright 
at present. It would be absolutely fatal to your 
chance of marriage if your Uberto were to see you.* 

Fede went off to the lift ; the Marchese followed 
her. Rosa showed them to their rooms as obsequi- 
ously as if they were not 'stingy Italians.' Fede 
unpacked her portmanteau and did her hair as 
desired. They had come over from Milan that day, 
and driven across from Goeschenen. Yet she was 
not tired. In scenery like that, she thought she 
could never get tired. Besides, had she not come to 
meet Hubert once more? And though she was 
naturally nervous as to what papa might think 
of Hubert, and what Hubert might think of papa, 
she was absolutely happy at the thought of meeting 
him. Her cheek was flushed with quite unusual 
roses, and her eye was bright, when she went out on 
the balcony. Her father was there befcre her, 
smoking his inevitable cigar, and gazing rather 



lazily across at the mountains. Even after all the 
glorious scenery she had come through that day, the 
view delighted Fede. *0h, papa,' she cried, gazing 
out upon it, * did you ever in your life see anything 
so lovely ? ' 

The Marchese waved his cigar over the field of 
view with Italian demonstrativeness. 'Why, yes, 
my child,' he answered. 'Dozens of time?. At 
home, on our estate at Florence.' He punctuated 
each phrase with a puff and a wave. * For my part, 
I consider a basking Tuscan hillside — covered with a 
good terraced Chianti vineyard — a vast deal more 
attractive than all this useless snow and ice and 
pinewood.' 

* Papa,' Fede cried, clasping her hands, * you've no 
sense of the picturesque ! ' 

*So your mother used to say, my dear. And 
perhaps I haven't. I'm a man of business. But I 
believe you allow these Swiss to bamboozle you, 
as they bamboozle everybody.' The Marchese sank 
his voice to a confidential whisper. 'My dear, 
the Swiss are an extremely clever commercial 
nation. They manage to delude all the rest of 
the world in a most extraordinary fashion.* 

Fede's eyes were far away upon the cloud-topped 
peaks, now just beginning to glow with the pink 
light of sunset. 'Delude them?' she murmured. 
' How do you mean, delude them ? ' 

The Marchese took a puff or two, and then con- 
tinued deliberately. * It was a fellow called De 
Saussure,' he said, ' who first hit upon the principle — 
a very clever fellow, as you may naturally imagine. 



You see, Switzerland, to start with, was a poor and 
out-of-the-way pastoral country. It lived on pasture. 
The Swiss produce a quantity of beef, and mutton, 
and milk, and cream, and eggs, and butter — and they 
don't know what to do with them. There they are, 
stuck in the very middle of the map of Europe — 
remote from the consumer — remote from all the 
great markets — Paris, London, Berlin, Vienna, 
Naples; and they can't afford to send their stuff 
away by rail, because it wouldn't even pay the cost 
of carriage. They have plenty to eat — and nobody 
to eat it. So, happy thought — as they can't send 
their produce away to the consumer, they must make 
the consumer, come to their produce. Naturally, 
however, there was nothing in the world to bring 
people of their own free wills to these inhospitable 
wilds ; but that difficulty didn't daunt the ingenious 
Switzers. They invented scenery — and the rest of 
the world fell into the trap like lambs, and came 
to Switzerland to eat the beef, and stare at the 
mountains ! * And the Marchese puffed away, with 
eyes half-closed, well pleased at his own philosophical 
cleverness. 

' But, papa, they're so beautiful! Fede cried, clasp- 
ing her hands ecstatically. 

• What, the Swiss ? ' 

*No, no, of course not; the mountains! Look 
at them now, turning crimson in the setting sun. 
Aren't they just lovely ? ' 

The Marchese shrugged his shoulders. * People 
didn't look at crags in the eighteenth century, he 
replied, with his two hands extended in a rhetorical 



A FLORENTINE NOBLEMAN 



21 



gesture. 'The Swiss hadn't then developed the 
scenery business. Glaciers were not as yet the 
fashion. Everybody in those days used sensibly to 
admire fine open stretches of cultivable land — like 
the plain of Lombardy as you see it from the top 
of Milan Cathedral. That was before the time of 
Monsieur de Saussure, who discovered the com- 
mercial value of these uninteresting Alps. Putting 
up statues is a precious bad way of investing your 
money, or else I suspect the grateful Swiss would 
have put up a statue to De Saussure long ago. But 
they're a prudent people; they never do anything 
except with a single eye to remunerative investment' 

*0h, papa,' Fede cried, 'you're incorrigible. I 
believe you only care for our own lovely place on 
the Arno for the sake of the wine and oil you make 
in it.' 

' My dear,' the Marchese answered, with the com- 
mon sense of the modem Italian, 'in spite of the 
present depressed condition of the wine market, my 
Chianti fetches the highest price in the English ports 
of any brand in Tuscany, and that's quite enough 
for me. I leave the picturesque to those who care 
for it' 

' But these mountains ! ' Fede cried, stretching her 
arms towards them impulsively. 

The Marchese spread his hands. 'Mere anfract- 
uosities in the earth's crust,' he answered. 'They 
would make much more land, ironed out and 
distributed.' 

Fede laughed in spite of herself. 'You're a de- 
generate Tomabuoni, dear,' she said, half in jest, half 


in earnest. ' I'm sure Giovanni Tornabuoni, who had 
the pictures painted by Ghirlandajo in the choir of 
Santa Maria Novella, wouldn't have thought as you 
do.' 

* Very probably not,' her father replied, patting her 
head. ' But he would have burnt you for a heretic, 
my dear; so there are advantages both ways. I 
don't pretend, myself, that I live outside my own 
century.' 

Fede's eyes were far away on the rose-tipped 
peaks. * I'm glad,' she said, slowly, * I'm not as 
practical as you, papa. Hubert loves the mountains 
— I mean the anfractuosities — and I love them 
too. And that will be nice for Hubert. I don't 
think Englishmen are so practical as Italians; 
though in England, of course, everybody thinks 
differently.' 

* In England,' her father observed, leaning over the 
parfipet and puffing away reflectively, 'everybody 
thinks the average Italian is a judicious mixture of 
an operatic tenor, an organ-grinder, a Calabrian 
brigand, and a Neapolitan macaroni-seller. The 
Italian of real life is little known, even to English- 
men who have lived long in Italy.' 

* That's true,' Fede replied. * For, as a matter of 
fact, the Italians I have met have all been intensely 
practical, while the English I have met, no matter 
how business-like, have always had some under- 
currer at least in their natures of romance and 
poetry. 

* Too true,' the Marchese murmured. ' Too true, 
I fear, Fede. Your good mother was an English- 


woman, and for romantic — well, you remember her. 
In that, you show yourself your mother's daughter. 
I send you to England to be educated, because it 
was her dying wish, and also because an Italian girl 
in Florence has far better chances of marrying an 
Englishman of fortune than a Florentine of equal 
means and of suitable position. And you come back 
telling me you are in love with "Hubert." "Who 
is Hubert?" I naturally ask; and you answer me, 
"His other name is Egremont. Tsn't it a pretty 
one ? — so soft, Hubert Egremont ! " " Very soft," I 
admit, "but his fortune, his prospects, his family, 
Fede?" And you reply, "His family lives in 
Devonshire, the loveliest part of England, with 
beautiful red cliffs and purple bays and green 
valleys." " How many acres of it does he own ? " 
I ask. You have never even inquired. I tear my 
hair, but I get no further. Your information about 
him sums itself up in the two simple facts that he 
has a pretty name and is an agreeable person. I 
ask you, is that practical?' 

Fede looked down and smiled, a little embarrassed 
smile, while she fingered the rose at her bosom 
somewhat nervously. *I saw so little of him, you 
see, papa,' she answered, lowering her eyes. * We — 
we only met, at most, half-a dozen times. And then, 
you know, we had so much else to talk about 1 ' 

'Yes, / know,' the Marchese answered, more 
amused than provoked, for he had Italian tolerance 
for the foibles of the young. 'I know, exactly. 
You and Hubert went on talking pretty nothings 
to one another, and making love for love's sake, 





precisely as if it were an intrigue, not a marriage, 
you were contemplating. A pure-blooded Italian 
girl wouldn't behave like that, you know — not with 
a man she thought of making her husband. A 
married woman with her lover, I grant you — very 
right and proper; but a marriage is different; 'tis 
an affair of business. You have to take this man — 
he has to take this woman — for life and always. 
Therefore it becomes important to know precisely 
how much each can contribute to the family ex- 
chequer, and what sort of fortune each expects and 
possesses. If you were my daughter only, you 
would have inquired these things first about your 
precious Hubert. As you are also your mother's, 
and have imbibed all sorts of romantic English 
ideas at Oxford, you inquire nothing of the sort; 
you merely come telling me that Hubert is charm- 
ing, high-souled, handsome, clever, intellectual. Are 
those the qualities, I ask you, one demands in a 
husband ? ' 

'They are — in England,' Fede answered, half 
smiling. For the Marchese, though practical, was 
a kindly-natured father. 

'And what's the consequence?' the Italian went 
on, holding one hand out oratorically. *I write to 
England, delicately suggesting these important pre- 
liminaries, and am met with a reserve which, I 
suppose, proceeds from English refinement, but 
which, in Italy, we should consider absurd and 
impracticable. We should call it mere shuffling. 
You tell me you're "engaged," whatever that may 
mean, to Hubert. So I have no resource left except 



to write and inquire when and where I may meet 
Mr Hubert And where does the man propose to 
give me an appointment? In Paris, Milan, Florence, 
Venice, London, where either party could have 
access to proper legal opinions? Not a bit of it; 
he says he and his mother will be touring in 
Switzerland, and they will be delighted to meet 
us hail-way, at a second-rate inn, in a sequestered 
valley, remote from all the conveniences and 
resources of civilisation — they discuss the affair as 
though the element of contract didn't enter into 
the question. And thafs what poses as a practical 
people ! Pah 1 cara mia, it makes me ill to think 
ofitl' 

Fede smiled in turn. She had spent the five 
foimative years of her life in England, first at school, 
and then at Somerville College; and though she 
was Italian still in speech and features, she was 
English to the core in her ideas and opinions. 
'That's not quite the way people would look at 
it in England — ' she began. 

* I know it's not,' the Marchese interrupted, good- 
humouredly; 'and that's just what I complain of!' 

'They would think,' Fede went on, *this was an 
affair between two lovers, and that nothing could be 
more natural than for the lovers to settle it among 
these beautiful mountains and these lovely valleys, 
where the people most concerned could find abundant 
opportunities for seeing one another alone — after the 
English fashion.' 

* Precisely,' her father echoed. * After the English 
fashion I In England, a marriage is still, to a great 



extent, an affair of the heart ; in Italy, we see that it 
is an affair of the pocket.' 

'Then I'm glad,' Fede murmured, 'I'm going to 
marry an Englishman ! ' 

'Oh, well,' the Marchese replied, shrugging his 
shoulders once more, * as you seem to have decided 
the question for yourself, without even so much as 
an inquiry as to your father, I really don't know 
why I should have come all this way merely to give 
my consent to a preconceived arrangement, as to the 
terms of which I have not even been consulted ! ' 

Fede took his hand in hers. 'Dear papa,' she 
cried, * you know I couldn't bear to do anything to 
displease you. You have always been the sweetest 
and best of fathers. You've been goodness itself to me. 
But Hubert is so nice, so kind, so lovable ; I'm sure 
when you see him you can't help loving him.* 

The Marchese smiled in spite of himself * Loving 
him ! ' he exclaimed, much amused. * There you are 
again, Fede. You insist upon treating it all as if it 
were a mere affair of passing affection. You forget 
it is proposed you should marry this man. And we 
don't yet know whether he has anything to marry 
upon.' 

* I would marry him without a penny,' Fede ex- 
claimed, impulsively. 

* No doubt,' the Marchese replied ; ' and come back 
upon me in three years, without a penny, but with a 
couple of babies ! Remember, Fede, I have the two 
boys to provide for. Luigi must have his allowance 
for the army; Carlo must continue to cultivate the 
family estate; so where I am to find any but the 





most modest dowry (or you, I'm sure I don't know. 
The first thing to be settled — the very first thing — is 
the question how much this young man is worth, 
and what arrangement he proposes to make for you. 
I shall speak of that at once — the first thing when 
I see them.' 

Fede drew back, crimson-cheeked. ' Oh, papa,' 
she cried, * I beg of you — not this evening ! ' 

' Why not, my child ? It's most proper and busi- 
ness-like.' 

* Business-like ! That's just it ! Wait till to-morrow 
at least,' Fede pleaded, all her English feelings in 
revolt at the suggestion of such precipitancy. 

'What, my dear, and let you spend an evening 
with him in my presence, on the footing of your 
future husband, before I've inquired whether the 
arrangement is practicable? My child, it would be 
impossible I ' 

Fede hesitated for a moment. Then a brilliant 
idea struck her. 'Well, let us be business-like,' 
she answered, conforming as far as she could to her 
father's standpoint. ' After all, they are English ; 
and you must deal with Rome as Rome expects to 
be dealt with. If you speak to them to-night they 
will think it precipitate, and — and vulgar — and 
mercenary. They are not accustomed in England 
to that way of doing things. If you say out at once 
to them — " How much is he worth ? " you will only 
succeed in setting them against you. Now, I don't 
know whether Hubert is rich or poor ; I — I had too 
many other things to discuss the few times I saw him 
— for you know it was all a very sudden engagement. 


But perhaps he is rich — so many English are ; and at 
anyrate he was an Oxford man, which means a good 
deal, you know, in England. Wouldn't it be better 
worth while to wait just one night, and find out 
to-morrow, than to create a bad impression on a 
man who, after all, may be what you yourself would 
consider a very suitable son-in-law ? ' 

She said it with a pretty smile, which showed at 
once how far she was modifying her own mode of 
thought to suit her father's ; and when Fede Torna- 
buoni smiled, she was simply irresistible. The 
Marchese looked at her with admiring eyes ; he was 
proud and fond of her. 'You're a clever little 
humbug,' he answered, after a moment, ' and I know 
you don't mean it But still, there's something in 
what you say. I know these English and their 
absurd romanticisms. Well, let it be as you wish. 
'Tis the true Tuscan way, domane, domane!' 

They were bending over the second-floo. - iv 

as they spoke, and the concierge was lounging on a 
garden bench below. Suddenly the Marchese leaned 
down and addressed him. ' What mountain did you 
say Mr Egremont had ascended to-day?' he inquired, 
with a curious air of interest. 

* Signore the Eselstein.' 

'Most appropriate name! — the Donkeys' Crag. 
Alone?' 

* With a guide and two companions.' 

The Marchese turned to Fede. ' With a guide!' 
he murmured complacently. 'That looks like 
money ! * 

* Hubert always did everything nicely,' Fede 
answered, with rapture; *and he dressed, oh, just 
charmingly ! ' 

' What rooms ? ' the Marchese called out again. 

' A salon and three bedrooms on the first floor,' the 
concierge answered. Then he added, maliciously, 
'They are very nice people.' 

'Which means, they spend money freely,' the 
Marchese murmured lower, aside to Fede. 'Still, 
that may be only their brag. They may think you're 
an heiress, and well worth catching.* 

' Oh, papa, Hubert's not like that,' Fede answered, 
indignantly. 

* They never are, my dear — till you find them out,' 
her father replied, with his cynical smile. 'Well, 
well, we shall see. On the whole, though, I rather 
like the look of your Hubert.' 

And Oil the verandah below, the concierge was 
observing that moment to Rosa, ' Beggarly Italians, 
I expect, come here to marry their daughter off to 
a wealthy Englishman ! Not much to be made out 
of them, I feel sure. He put the price he wanted to 
pay for rooms in his telegram.' 

' She's all right,' Rosa answered, with a nod. * She's
half English, I can see; but he's a regular Italian. 
Sort of man who'd stop at a hotel for six weeks, and 
then give you a franc at the end when he was leaving ! 
I made my last winter season at Rome, and I had 
enough of them, I promise you. The year before, 
at the Paradis at Cannes, all the world was English, 
and the tips were just splendid. But at Rome — my 
hotel was Italian to the core, and, my faith, it was 
starvation ! ' 



A short mile from the inn, Mrs Egremont and Sir 
Emilius had come upon Hubert. The climber of 
peaks was walking alone, having dropped his guide 
at the village, while his two temporary companions 
had diverged by themselves from the base of the 
crag in the opposite direction, meaning to sleep, 
they said, at the Rhone Glacier. 

The mother's heart leaped up with pride as Hubert 
approached her. How carelessly handsome he 
looked in his mountaineering suit, swinging his stick 
as he went — how lithe, how supple! No costume 
sets a man off like flannel shiit and running-trousers, 
and Hubert was attired for a light climb below 
snow-level in that easy fashion. He was a well- 
built young fellow, after the English pattern, almost 
arrogantly healthy. Mrs Egremont had never felt 
prouder of him before; so tall, so fresh, so strong — 
so like his father ! 

He hallooed to them from afar. * Not alarmed, I 
hope, mother?' 

Mrs Egremont prevaricated. 'We thought we 
might as well stroll this way as any other,' she 

answered with a gasp, gulping down her inner joy 
and delight at recovering him. But she sank on a 
grassy knoll by the side of the path, and surveyed 
him with great eyes of relief and tenderness. 

Hubert flung himself by her side on a bed of 
short clover. * Oh, it's nothing of a climb,' he cried, 
reassuring her. * We just walked up and down. As 
easy as running. Quite a baby of a peak. Like 
Primrose Hill, I assure you.' 

' Like Primrose Hill ! ' Sir Emilius echoed, with an 
incredulous laugh. * I looked at it through my 
glasses this morning, Julia — all ramping teeth of rock 
— and I call it a pretty stiff piece of climbing. My 
dear, that boy will stick a notice on the Jungfrau — 
" This hill is dangerous to cyclists." ' 

'Anybody else on the summit?' Mrs Egremont 
inquired with forced interest, trying her best to seem 
occupied with that hateful climbing; though, to be 
honest, the one thing she ever cared to learn about a 
mountain jaunt was that her boy had got back again 

' Crowds of them ! * Hubert answered. ' A perfect 
Piccadilly!' He plucked a long grass and bit at 
it as he spoke. * Ten people on the Eselstein ! ' 

*And you got some new specimens?' Mrs Egre- 
mont continued, with a wistful glance at his tin 
collecting case. 

Hubert opened the little box. *Two or three 
Alpine beetles,' he answered — * rather odd varieties ; 
and a pretty gentian that's new to me. But I had 
to scramble for it ; a cleft in the rock ; I slipped and 
hung on, and cut my fingers in clinging.' He held 
them up — lacerated. 

*0h, Hubert,' his mother cried, shrinking back 
in spite of herself, ' how can you bear to risk your 
life for nothing ?'

* There was no risk, mother. A mere drop of ten 
feet If I fell, I lighted on a perfect feather-bed 
of scented daphne. But I wanted the plant, because 
I rather think it's a hybrid, and these natural hybrids 
are always interesting. They give one such clues to 
the workings of heredity.' 

The mother fingered the plant with a sort of 
mute horror, as she might have fingered some 
sentient thing — an asp or a cobra — that had tried 
to lure her boy into danger. But she uttered not 
a word. She had schooled herself never to let 
Hubert see how deeply these mountain excursions 
terrified her. 

'And the view?' she asked again, with maternal 
hypocrisy. Earth holds no hypocrite like your loving 
mother. 

The poet in Hubert blossomed out. 'The view,* 
he said, * was ineffable ! I was in luck's way, mother 
— we happened on a thunderstorm I It played all 
round us. Great dragons of black cloud flung them- 
selves with huge claws and folds against the walls 
of the peak ; we looked down upon them from above, 
and saw them shatter and destroy themselves on 
the precipices. They surged up, darkling, one after 
another, with curled tails and rampant backs, and 
rushed madly against the Eselstein. There they 
broke themselves in lightning as a wave breaks in 
foam. Great seas of white mist filled up the valleys. 
But away to the south, one strip of pale, blue sky 

 



broke the field of black ; and against it, the Zermatt 
peaks stood out white and calm, showing their teeth 
with a smile, as if they disdained the thunder. They 
almost seemed to laugh at it — just a curl of con- 
tempt, no more, as to a base inferior. I never saw 
anything grander than the contrast between the 
blind rage of the storm-clouds, and the unheeding 
serenity of lie placid Alps, smiling down on them 
with their white teeth, just touched with sunbeams.' 

'But it was iarjgerous, surely?' Mrs Egremont 
exclaimed — ?i'd ; "• hated herself for saying it. 
' Alone, at thai height, with the lightning all round 
you.' 

* It was grandf I know,* Hubert answered, gazing 
up at the rosy glow on the summit of the Himmel- 
berg. 'You could see it playing about the smaller 
peaks, while the glacier-clad heights and white crys- 
talline needles rose perfectly unconcerned into the 
dazzling sunlight.' 

' Capital for those who like it ! ' Sir Emilius put 
in, drily. 'But you vaxol have got wet, Hubert; 
though at your age a wetting seems to promote 
digestion.' 

There was a minute's pauio, during which Mrs 
Egremont gazed at her son fondly. 

' Fede not come, I suppose ? ' Hubert began again, 
stretching himself and fondl ing his muscle. 

' Why, no,* Sir Em;lius interposed. * We don't 
expect them till to-nvji.ow.' 

*I know that; but I ' .'ight — * 

'Yes, lovers will think things,' Sir Emilius said, 
sardonicully. 


* I thought perhaps Fede would beg her father 
not to sleep at Milan, but come straight through 
by the morning train ; and then of course she'd be 
disappointed if I was not at the inn when she 
arrived, to meet her.' 

Sir Emilius smiled the wise smile of middle age. 
* Much more likely she'd want to get a good night's 
resL,' he remarked, 'so as to look fresh and well 
before she met you. I've thre- mrh of my own, 
and I know the ways of them.' 

* Milly and Hilda and EfHe — oh, yes,* Hubert said, 
with just a tinge of disrespect; *but then, Fede's 
quite different' 

*They always are quite different!' Sir Emilius 
admitted. 'Everybody's girl is the one girl in the 
world. " There is none like her, none, ' says Tenny- 
son's lover in Maud ; which shows, not that Maud 
was an exceptional creature, but that Tennyson had 
independently arrived at the same generalisation as 
to the psychology of lovers.' 

Hubert lay back on the grass and surveyed the 
sky for a while in silence. Then he addressed 
himself to his mother. * I often think,' he said, 
in a very musing voice, ' how wonderfully all these 
things are ordered. It almost makes one believe 
at times in the old idea of an over-ruling provi- 
dence.' 

* I never left off believing in that old idea,' Mrs 
Egremont murmured, gently. 

Hubert clasped her hand in his. 'That's your 
charm,' he said, with real tenderness. 'In spite of 
everything, mother, you still believe in the universe ! 



ENTER HUBERT 35 

And really it almost looks like deliberate design, 
when you think of the strange coincidences which 
had to exist before I could ever arrange things with 
Fede.' 

' As which ? ' Sir Emilius asked, with a sceptical 
twinkle. Sir Emilius declined to believe in any- 
thing. 

'Oh, I'm not talking to you, Uncle Mill,' the 
young man answered, half flushing with pride. 'I'm 
talking to my mother. And you see, mother, I 
could never have fallen so much in love with Fede 
if she hadn't been a Florentine. To be Dante's 
fellow-townswoman, you know — what a privilege ! It's 
the Italian strain in her that gives her half her at- 
tractiveness, and the English the other half. Then, 
I couldn't have met her if she hadn't come to 
England. And if her mother hadn't happened to 
be an Englishwoman married to an Italian, Fede 
would never have been sent to Oxford. Again, if 
I had taken that scholarship at Trinity instead of 
at Balliol, I would have settled down at Cambridge, 
and therefore never have met Fede. So see by 
how beautiful a concatenation of events it's all been 
arranged that Fede and I, the exact two people 
intended by nature for one another, should meet at 
the right time, and spring at one another like magnet 
to magnet.' 

Mrs Egremont sighed. A thought flashed through 
her mind. 'The very words,' she said to herself, 
'his father would have spoken I' And she sighed 
inaudibiy. 

But the man of science was up in arms at once. 

'Now, for a physiologist,' Sir Emilius said, with 
didactic forefinger — *and you are a physiologist — 
I call that about as absurd an idea as ever was venti- 
lated. Unsubstantial, gaseous ! What's the matter 
with jyou is, that the poet in you keeps getting the 
better of the anatomist. Can't you see, my dear 
Hubert, the instinct is the only fundamental reality 
in all this business? — the instinct to mate and to 
continue the species ? The particular object on 
which it expends itself is all pure accident. A 
bud reaches the stage at which the flower must 
expand, and it expands accordingly. A man 
reaches the stase at which he must fall in love, and 
he falls in love accordingly. There's no more in 
it than that — a common result of pure human 
heredity.' 

* But not every girl — ' Hubert began. 

Sir Emilius snapped his fingers with subdued im- 
pr'-'cnce. * Don't talk nonsense to me, sir,' he said. 
* It's as plain as a pikestaff. You fall in love 
with the girls you see; I know that very well. 
How the dickens can you fall in love with the girls 
you don't see?' And he snapped his jaw firmly. 

Hubert gazed up at the sky through his half- 
closed eyelids. Red rifts of cloud flecked it. 

* My dear uncle,* he answered, * if the poet in me 
gets the better of the anatomist, doesn't the anatomist 
in you get the better of the poet ? Quite too much 
the better? Can't you see in turn that the world 
you ignore is every bit as real, every bit as im- 
portant, as the world you acknowledge?' 

Sir Emilius shook his head. 'No, I can't,' he 



responded, testily. * I say, you fell in love with 
the little Italian girl because you met her; you 
didn't meet her because you were predestined by 
nature to fall in love with her.* 

Hubert turned the subject. He was a consistent 
determinist, and it is not worth while for determinists 
to argue. * My one fear now,* he said, * is about the 
Marchese.' 

'So is mine.' Sir Emilius assented with prompti- 
tude. 

'A Florentine gentleman of the oldest descent,* 
Hubert mused on, stroking his mother's hand in 
his. * It seems so presumptuous of me I * 

* To take his daughter off his hands,' Sir Emilius 
answered, smiling. ' I didn't mean quite what you 
mean, Hubert. A Florentine nobleman is generally 
poor, and always grasping. I meant I had my 
doubts as to his solvency and respectability.' For 
Sir Emilius, being a true-born Briton, had a low 
opinion of mere Foreigners. 

' Why, the Tornabuoni were great folk in Florence,' 
Hubert cried, astonished, * when the Egremonts were 
nothing more than Lancashire farmers! He may 
consider me — as I am — whole worlds beneath 
Fede.' 

* He may think small beer of our English gentility 
no doubt,* Sir Emilius answered, *but he'll think 
precious well of our English consols, you may be 
certain, Hubert. They touched 114 yesterday, 
I see by the Standard. I know these Floren- 
tines, my boy ; and you may take my word for it 
they are not the romantic Italians of Covent Garden 


opera. They know the precise worth of twenty 
shillings sterling in King Humbert's currency to half 
a centesimo.* 

'Well, I'm anxious, at any rate, to see Fede's 
father,* Hubert went on, gazing upward. He had 
lived so frankly in the bosom of his family that 
he had none of the mauvaise honte so many young 
men feel in discussing their future wife before their 
relations. ' So much depends upon one's father and 
mother ! ' 

' Everything, ' Sir Emilius assented, promptly. 
There, he was entirely at one with his nephew. 

'The Marchese must be a splendid and high- 
minded man,' Hubert continued, shading his eyes 
with his hand as he gazed at the mountains. 'I 
only wish I could ever have seen my own father. 
One would like to know what noble characteristics, 
what intellectual traits one has a chance of in- 
heriting ; for to a physiologist, of course, heredity's 
everything.' 

Sir Emilius was just about to cut short this 
awkward colloquy by observing diplomatically, 
' Colonel Egremont was one of the finest built-soldiers 
in the British army,' when his sister anticipated 
him by answering in his place, 'Your father was 
a man to be proud of, Hubert' 

Sir Emilius raised his eyebrows, and glanced 
hard at his sister. He did not exclaim, ' Eh ? what I ' 
He merely whistled a tune unobtrusively. But he 
uttered not a word. He would not interfere in so 
delicate a matter. Still, it was all very well to say 
in the abstract, * Honour thy father and thy mother ; ' 



but how any one who had ever known Walter* 
Egremont could, for a moment, describe him as * a 
man to be proud of,' passed Sir Emilius's compre- 
hension. However, it was Julia's business, not his; 
and as long as she chose to keep Hubert in ignor- 
ance of his father's real history, Sir Emilius did not 
feel quixotically inclined to enlighten him. Never- 
theless, he rose, and, still whistling to himself, moved 
away some twenty yards, picking a late autumn 
flower or two ostentatiously as he went, lest it should 
embarrass Julia to know he was mentally criticising 
her veracity. 

Mother and son were left alone. There was a 
moment's pause. Then Mrs Egremont began again. 
'Though I sometimes fancy, Hubert,' she said, in 
a grave voice, ' you make too much of heredity.' 

' You canH make too much of it,' Hubert answered, 
with decision. * In mankind, it's omnipotent. My 
studies at my hospital, and afterwards my psycho- 
logical observations at the asylum, have shown me, 
on the contrary, that not even men of science them- 
selves have yet appreciated the whole wonder, the 
full marvel and mystery of heredity. Look at this 
case, for example — one only out of hundreds. I 
had a man on my list who had always kept a diary 
from the time he was twenty. He was a medical 
man, and he noted everything with medical accuracy- 
At four-and-twenty and two weeks, he lost his first 
tooth — the second left molar in the upper jaw. He 
had two twin sons. At four-and-twenty and three 
weeks, one of the twins lost his first tooth in turn. I 
asked which tooth, and found it was the second left 

molar in the upper jaw. The other twin's teeth 
were apparently sound; but, a fortnight later, he 
had a violent toothache. I inquired in what tooth 
—exactly as I expected — the second left molar ! 
That's the kind of result that has met me every day 
in the course of my researches. We seem like 
clocks, set each to run our appointed course in so 
many years and days and minutes. I know it so 
well now, that I almost feel at times as if I had no 
individuality at all of my own ; I recognise myself 
as nothing more in the end than the sum of my 
joint parental tendencies.' 

*It seems a dangerous doctrine,' Mrs Egremont 
murmured, witli the feminine habit of seeing every- 
thing in an ethical light. ' It may lead to fatalism, 
and strike at the root of all moral endeavour.' 

*If it is the truth, it is not dangerous,' Hubert 
answered, with firmer faith. * The truth, dearest, is 
never dangerous. Truth never fears truth. Only a 
lie is liable to lead us into error.' 

Mrs Egremont winced. * Perhaps so,' she answered, 
with a pang of doubt. * But are we all of us strong 
enough for the truth, my boy ? I sometimes feel as 
if— as if it might crush and kill us.' 

Hubert gazed at her tenderly. *Dear mother,' 
he said, with an affectionate smile, *you of all 
women to urge such a fallacy! Why, you 
couldn't tell anything but the truth if you tried I 
You must be true ! The truth is native to you.' 

His mother winced again. ' Well, I hope you will 
be satisfied with Fede's father,' she said, very slowly, 
to change the subject. 



*I hope Fede's father will be satisfied with me; 
that's more to the point, her son answered, gaily, 
bending his arm, and feeling the biceps. ' I shall do 
my best to please him. I shall make myself all 
things to all men to suit him. After all, the 
Egremonts are English gentlefolk ; and you have 
one of the prettiest places in Devonshire. I don't 
see why he shouldn't be ready to accept me as a 
son-in-law. Though, to be sure, the Tornabuoni 
were great lords in Florence before we and our 
kind were ever dreamt of.' 

Mrs Egremont rose again. *We ought to be 
getting back to the inn,* she said, wearily. ' It has 
been hot to-day, and I feel rather tired. I don't 
know why, but I always feel tired on the Continent 
nowadays.' 

'Not only tired, but frightened, I fancy,' Hubert 
went on, without attaching much importance to his 
words. *It seems to me you're half afraid of 
foreigners. Uncle Mill despises them: you seem 
to fear them. Come along. Uncle Mill ; we're going 
back to the Black Eagle.' 

Mrs Egremont's look was certainly one of fright 
as Hubert said those words. It was clear he had 
stirred some deep chord within her. She walked 
back to the inn by her son's side in silence. When 
they reached the door, the Tornabuoni had just 
gone in to their rooms from the balcony. And 
the concierge, as directed, said nothing as to their 
arrival. 

Sir Emilius and his sister strolled in to the hotel, 
leaving Hubert on the verandah. While they went 

Up in the lift, the doctor turned a searching glance on 
Mrs Egremont. 

' Do you think, Julia,' he said, slowly, ' it's quite 
wise — never to tell him?' 

Mrs Egremont flushed up, and evaded the 
question. * I have told him — as much as it's well 
for him to know,' she answered. She paused for a 
second, then she began again. 'Truth,' she mused, 
Ms relative. He knows the truth — as far as I con- 
ceive it.' 

* Very relative indeed,' Sir Emilius assented. ' So 
relative, that it seems to come out quite upside down 
in some relations, doesn't it?' 

Mrs Egremont said nothing : for she knew when 
to be silent. 


It was still day. The delicate rose-coloured glow 
within rather than upon the ice of the Alps had not 
yet given place to the cold steel-blue of twilight. 
Hubert, weary from his climb, waited outside in the 
cool for a r ute or two, calling for a glass of light 
beer to re) him after his toil before going in to 
his room to get ready for dinner. Autumn was in 
the air, but the day was summer-like. As he sat at 
the table outside the verandah and drank his lager, 
the concierge came down and began talking to him 
quite humanly. Towards the end of the season, 
indeed, even a concierge often discovers unsuspected 
human traits that are really refreshing. He unbends 
from the long restraint of summer. 

' Beautiful lights just now on the Himmelbeig, sir,' 
he said, turning to Hubert. * It's a glorious mountain. 
Such a rearing mass! Go where you will in the 
world, you'll find nothing lovelier.' 

' You know the world, then ? ' Hubert interposed, 
smiling, and amused at his air of universal travel. 

* I ought to know it,' the concierge retorted, speak- 
ing fluently in English, ' for I've lived in half the best 
hotels in Europe.' 

' For example ? ' Hubert queried. 

The concierge ran them over, ransacking the 
distant cells of his memory. 'The Metropole in 
London,' he said ; * I was interpreter there ; the 
ConLlnental, the Grand, and the Chatham in Paris ; 
the Italie in Rome ; the Hotel de Baviere in Munich ; 
the Bristol at Naples — half-a-dozen others.' 

'Why, you know the Continent well,' Hubert 
observed, surprised to find the man so widely 
diffused. 

' Yes, and a little beyond it — Shepheard's at Cairo, 
the Kirsch at Algiers, the Brunswick at Boston, 
Cook's Hotel at Jerusalem. Yet, go where you will 
in the world — I say it still — you won't find a finer 
view anywhere than the Himmelberg.' 

'But you're not a Bernese Swiss,' Hubert inter- 
posed, eyeing him. ' I can see that instantly.' 

' Why not ? ' the concierge asked, surprised in turn 
at his visitor's confidence. 

'Oh, I can tell it at a glance by your build and 
features. You come from the Grisons, I'll bet ; you 
were brought up Roumansch-speaking.' 

' Quite right,' the concierge answered, with a smile 
of amusement at the young Englishman's penetration. 
' I come from the Grisons, as you say ; I have the 
face and figure of the Rhaetian mountaineers. But 
how did you guess I was brought up Roumansch- 
speaking ? ' 

* If you were a true Bernese,' Hubert answered, 
after a second's reflection, 'you would have a more 
distinctive German accent — the Thuringian accent — 
in speaking English. But you speak it admirably — 




as most of your countrymen do ; and what foreign 
tinge you have— very little indeed — is not Thuringian 
at all, but belongs to the type of the Latin races.* 

The concierge was flattered. He drew himself 
up at once. 'You are right,* he answered again. 
' We of the Rhaetian Alps all know our descent, and 
all are proud of it. It is a thing to remember. We 
are the original Etruscans I ' 

* You are,' Hubert replied. * And, if I may venture 
to say it, only in the Grisons would a man in your 
position be likely to know it.* 

'That is true, too,* the concierge admitted. 'We 
are like your own Scotch. We are all of us educated. 
And we learn languages easily. You see, our native 
Roumansch stands nearest of any modern Latin 
dialect to the original Latin. Therefore we learn 
French, Italian, Spanish easily ; because the roots of 
all them are contained in purer forms in our own 
dialect. And we speak German, too, for the most 
part from childhood ; so that languages come natur- 
ally to us. Besides which,* and he drew himself 
up with a curious pride, * we inherit the old Etruscan 
intelligence.' 

He spoke in quite another tone, now he had begun 
to discuss a subject which interested him, from the 
servile accent, half cringing, half familiar, which was 
habitual to him in the exercise of his office as con- 
cierge. He had dropped the recollection of a distinc- 
tion of class. He saw that his hearer was interested ; 
and he went off into that not unnatural eulogy of 
his native canton which every intelligent Grau- 
bunder always delivers to all willing listeners. 

* Then you saw I was from the Grisons ? ' he said, 
inquiringly, at last. 

'Yes,' Hubert answered. 'I was sure of it. I 
gathered it both from your bodily appearance and 
your liquid accent. You have the true Etruscan 
build and features, and the Etruscan lips. You 
remind me exactly of the figures one sees on the 
Etruscan sarcophagi — strong, short, and thickset.' 

'That is so once more,' the concierge asserted, 
delighted. 'Have you ever seen the tombs of the 
Volumnii, near Assisi?' 

'I visited them last year,' Hubert answered, 
growing interested. 

'Well, do you remember the sculptured nobles 
all carved in white stone who lounged on the lids ? 
There was one of them near the door, an old 
Etruscan chief, who might easily have been taken 
for a portrait of my father.' 

'That would not be surprising,' Hubert replied. 
'I know such cases elsewhere. A wooden statue 
belonging to the old Egyptian Empire, six thousand 
years ago, was dug up at Memphis, and it exactly 
resembled the Arab sheikh of the neighbouring 
modern Egyptian village. I have studied these 
questions of heredity for some years, and I find 
that when one can compare family portraits together 
for several generations, the most surprising likenesses 
often reveal themselves between kinsmen who are 
separated from one another by centuries.' 

'That is so, I know,' the concierge answered, 
without any consciousness of obtruding into a 
scientific field where his observation was scanty. 




•For in the Grisons to this day I find hundreds 
of faces which exactly reproduce the Etruscan 
statues, and the wall-paintings on the tombs I have 
been to see at Corneto and Volaterra.' 

Where else in the world, Hubert thought to him- 
self—except, perhaps, as the concierge said, in 
Scotland — would a man of the people have observed 
or remembered such a class of facts as this Rhaetian 
peasant ? 

Hubert was just going on to hazard a guess at 
the nationality of the various waiters and chamber- 
maids — for he had a curious knack of jumping at 
correct conclusions on these matters — when their 
attention was suddenly diverted by the appearance 
of a stranger, who wound slowly down the dusty 
high road from the direction of the Gotthard. 

He was a singular-looking figure, very tall and 
erect, of military bearing, with a knapsack on his 
back, and a hat stuck jauntily on one side of his 
head in an ostentatiously rakish fashion. From a 
little distance, he looked at first sight like an Eng- 
lish gentleman ; seen nearer, he still preserved some 
relics of gentility, almost obscured, however, by the 
shabbiness of his dress and the obvious marks of 
vulgar dissipation on his bloated features. Even his 
erectness itself turned out on closer view to be some- 
what deceptive ; the man held himself straight, it is 
true, with an almost exaggerated air of self-respect ; 
yet his back was bent at the neck, and his knees 
were uncertain. The broad and cynical face had 
once most probably been handsome; now, drink 
and hard living had utterly degraded it. As he 



Strolled up to the table, with a roll in his gait, 
trying his best to assume an attitude of careless 
ease, Hubert saw at a glance he was indeed an 
English gentleman — most likely an officer — but in 
the very last stage of drunken downfall. 

The stranger nodded, and flung his knapsack on 
the table by Hubert's side. * Phew 1 Hot walking,' 
he said, mopping his mouth and forehead with a 
rather dirty handkerchief. He concealed his still 
dirtier cuffs by a little jerk under his sleeves with 
a dexterity which argued long use and practice. 
'I've just tramped over the Col from Goes- 
chencn.' 

'It's a beautiful walk,' Hubert answered, coldly, 
finishing his beer and half rising. 

* It's a damned hot walk,' the newcomer responaed, 
with a quaint air of easy bonhommie. ' It may be 
beautiful : I'm not much judge of that, for I never 
noticed it; but I know it's confoundedly long and 
hilly. And the dust — oh, I'll trouble you ! Haven't 
had such a pull for close on twenty years. As an 
officer and a gentleman, I'm unaccustomed to 
walking; I take carriage exercise.' He drew him- 
self up, hid one shabby trouser behind the other leg, 
and turned to the concierge. ' Here you, young 
fellow,' he said, in an overbearing tone; 'got any- 
thing to drink, eh?' 

The concierge surveyed him contemptuously from 
head to foot. The stranger's clothes were certainly 
much more than merely dusty ; they were threadbare 
and dirty. 'You can call the waiter,' the concierge 
said, with slow distinctness, 'and give him your 


order : whatever you like — coffee, lemonade, seltzer, 
soda-water.' 

The officer and gentleman flung him back his 
contempt with interest. 'Lemonade! Seltzer! Soda- 
water*! he cried. 'Do I look like a teetotaller? I 
suppose you take me for one of Dr Lunn's psalm- 
singing Grindelwalders ! No, sir. Not soda-water. 
I'm not taking any. Brandy, neat brandy, the best 
cognac you've got — and plenty of it ! ' 

The concierge answered nothing. He just pressed 
a little hand-bell. ' Alphonse,' he said to the close- 
cropped waiter who answered it, 'take this — gentle- 
man's order.' 

The new-comer, quite undisconcerted at the tone, 
repeated his instructions in excellent French. 

' Cognac, monsieur ; out, monsieur,* the waiter an- 
swered mechanically, with a glance at the trousers. 

He turned on his heel. The stranger called out 
after him. ' And look here,' he added in English, 
' while you're about it, young man, you may as well 
bring me sonie absinthe and some vermouth.' 

' Instead of the cognac, monsieur ? ' the waiter 
asked, hesitating. 

• Instead of the cognac ! ' the new-comer replied 
angrily. ' Who countermanded the cognac, I should 
like to know ? No, jackanapes, no ; with the cognac, 
with it — all three of them together ! Why don't you 
go and get them when you're told, you fool, instead 
of standing there and grinning like a laughing jack- 
ass ? ' 

The waiter drew back, surprised at the unwonted 
vigour of his customer's language. ' Oui, monsieur 1 

Merci, monsieur!' he answered, taken aback, but 
official as ever. 

The boisterous stranger turned with an inane and 
placid smile to Hubert. 'The image doesn't know 
his work,' he observed, with military swagger. * Never 
heard of absinthe and brandy before, apparently. 
Makes a splendid drink. Has a singular effect on 
the epigastrium, that mixture. Warms a man when 
he's cold; cools him when he's hot: seems to act 
sympathetically on the peripheral nerve-terminals.' 

Hubert caught at the word. * Peripheral nerve- 
terminals ? ' he said. ' Epigastrium ! Why, you speak 
like a physiologist ! ' 

The stranger vaulted on to the table with a bound. 
He was not without a strange sort of clumsy agility. 
He sat there, smiling. 'Well, I'm a military man 
by trade,' he said, after a pause ; ' in po?*nt of fact, 
a colonel. But I'm a little bit of most things in an 
amateur way — from a hoary old reprobate to a man 
of science. Especially in the direction of the hoary 
old reprobate. I pride myself on that. I can give 
points, as a reprobate, to any man of my age and 
weight in the service — and beat him easily.' 

* So I should think,' Hubert said, with a curl of the 
lips, half rising to go, yet restrained by the curious 
interest of the man's degraded personality. 'You 
look the character.* 

* Ha, you're a good one for judging at first sight,' 
the Colonel answered, unoffended by Hubert's perfect 
frankness. ' You put your finger on the place. That 
touches the spot, sir ; that touches the spot, as they 
say in the advertisement. This is not mere make-up. 



AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN 



51 



It runs in the blood with all my family to be 
hoary old reprobates.' He bit his thumb. 'We've 
been hoary old reprobates, now, for five genera- 
tions.* 

'You bear the obvious traces of it,' Hubert an- 
swered, with quiet confidence. For the stranger's 
face was both red and swollen. 

'That's so,' the Colonel continued, slapping one 
flabby thigh with his open hand ; ' you're a man of 
penetration, sir. You know what's what when you 
see it. We're citizens of Bohemia, root and stock, 
my family. We go to the dogs with accelerated 
speed in each new century.' 

As he spoke, the waiter returned with the brandy 
and absinthe. ' Shall I pour them out, monsieur ? ' 
he asked, holding up a liqueur glass. 

The Colonel drew out a single eyeglass, fixed it 
solemnly in its place, and regarded him through it for 
some minutes with the attentive air with which one 
regards some curious but noxious insect. 'Je vous 
remercie,' he said at last, with quaint mock polite- 
ness ; je verse moimême imbicile ! ' He glanced at 
Hubert. ' A petit verve for me ! ' he cried. ' What 
rot! This is how I take it!' He seized the small 
glass of cognac and emptied it into a tumbler. Then 
he poured out about three times as much more from 
the decanter on top of it. After that, he lifted the 
vermouth bottle and the absinthe and poured a wine- 
glassful or so of each on top of the brandy. He 
looked at it all admiringly against the dying light in 
the western sky. ' Thais the sort of thing,' he said 
at last, * to put the blood in circulation.' 

* But you can't like it so,' Hubert cried. * Such a 
nasty mixture.' 

* I beg your pardon,' the Colonel replied, tossing it 
off at a gulp. *I don't like it. I love it. I'm a 
modest man in most ways, and I admit I have my 
faults; but on the question of my own likes and 
dislikes, I submit, I can claim to be the first living 
authority in Europe.' 

He turned the glass upside down, and laid it empty 
on the marble table. 'That's wonderful,' Hubert 
said, * wonderful ! How long do you reckon to live at 
that rate, may I venture to ask you ? ' 

The Colonel's good-humour was absolutely imper- 
turbable. * Well, my grandfather died of it at eighty,' 
he answered, in a most cheerful voice, * and my father 
at seventy. I reckon myself to last, with luck, till 
sixty or thereabouts. Though, having been deucedly 
ill-treated by an unnatural wife, I may go even 
sooner. It's an interesting example of what Darwin 
calls the law of accelerated inheritance.' And he 
poured himself out another small glass of brandy. 

The curious gleams of science interested Hubert. 
'You are never drunk, I suppose?' he remarked, 
drawing back with some natural disgust, yet regard- 
ing him as a valuable object of study, like a germ 
under the microscope. 

'Not often, you bet,' the Colonel answered, with 
candour. He spoke with deep regret. * It don't often 
run to it,' he murmured, quite sadly. * You see, it 
costs a good deal to make me drunk nowadays ; and, 
times being hard and women cruel, I seldom have 
cash in hand to spend upon a manful and resolute 



attempt in that direction — except about quarter-days, 
when my wife pays up my miserable pittance. 
Though now and then a friend is kind enough to 
defray the expense of the experiment ; but it's long — 
and costly.' 

* And deadly,' Hubert added. 

The Colonel acquiesced. * It's killing me,' he ad- 
mitted, ' of course ; but, as I often say, we must all of 
us die ; and how can man die better than when he dies 
enjoying himself?' 

* Alcoholic narcosis, I suppose ? ' Hubert murmured, 
looking hard at him with suppressed disgust 

' The very word,' the Colonel cried, holding out one 
hand with evident pride to show how it trembled. 
'Alcoholic narcosis. You hit it first time. Which 
will you take, a cigar or a cocoa-nut?' 

His vulgar leer was hateful to Hubert; yet the 
scientific interest of the case retained him. 'Well, 
you're frank about it, any way,' he observed, half 
angry with himself for continuing to talk with so 
abject a creature. 

The Colonel drew himself up. There were rem- 
nants of a gentleman and a handsome man about 
him. 'A soldier,' he said, with a sort of malicious 
mock-dignity, 'should always be frank. And I 
flatter myself I've served the country with dis- 
tinction. I never quail under fire. Drink's my worst 
enemy — and I face it daily.' He poured himself 
out a little more neat brandy. 

The concierge motioned quietly to the waiter to 
remove the bottle. But the Colonel was too quick 
for him. He caught at it with a rapid clutch and 




clasped it to his bosom. * No, no, my friend,' he said, 
smiling. *We are alwr.ys told to love our enemies. 
Would you make me a heathen ? ' And he clung to 
it affectionately. 

'You know you're killing yourself?' Hubert put in. 

The Colonel shrugged his shoulders. His manners, 
Hubert had noticed from the first, were much Italian- 
ate, as of a man who had spent many years in Italy. 
' Of course,' he said, ' I'm killing myself. 'Tis a 
soldier's business. I lead a forlorn hope against the 
enemy's guns ten times a day.' He made a lunge 
with an imaginary sword at the brandy bottle. * What 
does that matter ? ' he went on. * We're all of us 
dying — all under sentence of death — you, and I, and 
the rest of us — and what difference does a year or 
wo more or less make to us ? I tell you what, my 
dear sir, it was a fine philosopher who first said those 
words, " A short life and a merry one." He summed 
up in one phrase the wisdom of centuries.* 

Hubert looked at him with a mixture of curiosity 
and disgust The stranger sat on the table still, and 
gazed across at them with a hateful smile of com- 
placent degradation. His face was puffy. The eyes» 
were red and bleared ; the lips had the dark blue hue 
of the habitual sot's. Hubert knew the type well ; he 
had studied it carefully for two years at his hospital. 
As they sat and faced one another, Rosa came down 
the steps with a message for a second. * Madame has 
left her bag, monsieur,' she said in French to Hubert, 
picking it up and taking it off. * She sent me to get 
it.' For Hubert had carried her little reticule home 
for her. 




The Colonel, as he called himself, turned to the 
girl with that offensive and senile leer which no man 
can endure to see on the face of another. ' By Jove, 
that's a good-looking young woman ! * he observed 
in English to Hubert. Then he added, in tolerable 
German, 'What is your name, my dear?' ogling 
her. 

Rosa measured him with her eye from head to foot, 
severely. ' My name's the chambermaid,' she an- 
swered, with a toss of her pretty head. * Ring once 
for waiter ; twice for boots ; three times for chamber- 
maid. And when I know your number — I'll take 
care some other chambermaid answers it' 

The 'hoary old reprobate' stared after her, 
astonished, as she tripped up tlie steps with an air 
of determination. ' God bless my soul,' he cried, 
' what a smart young woman ! ' He jumped from 
the table and stood on tip-toe gazing after her. 

The episode, however, seemed to recall to him the 
fact that he was in search of a lodging. * I want a 
room here to-night, by the way,' he said, turning at 
last to the concierge. 

' I'm sorry, sir,' the concierge answered, in his most 
official tone, * but — we're full up this evening.' 

The Colonel drew back and surveyed him admir- 
ingly. 'Young fellow,' he, said — though the con- 
cierge was forty — 'you're a first-class liar! That's 
very well tried — very well tried indeed — for a 
beginner. If you go on like that, you ought to end 
by becoming a most accomplished diplomatist. Be 
ambassador to Russia. Do you expect me to believe 
that every bed in this house is full in the beginning 





of October ? If so, I can only say you've mistaken 
my character.' 

He strode up the steps and entered the hotel, 
humming. Hubert did not follow him. The con- 
cierge did — having his doubts as to the coats and 
umbrellas in the vestibule. When he reached the top 
flight, the Colonel turned to him. ' No nonsense, my 
friend,' he said, in a severer tone than he had hither- 
to adopted. ' I want a room in this hotel to-night, 
and I mean to have it. You have plenty vacant ; and 
if luggage is in the way,' he glanced at his knapsack 
and slapped his pocket, * I'll pay beforehand for bed 
and breakfast' 

The concierge hesitated. *I don't know — ' he 
began. 

His interlocutor stopped him with an angry gesture. 
' Send me the proprietor,' he said, assuming the air of 
a great gentleman. ' I propose to honour his hotel 
with my patronage.' 

The concierge gave way. ' We might put you in 
seventy-two,* he said, pretending to consult his books, 
and looking suspiciously at the hoary old reprobate. 
' What name shall I enter ? ' 

' What's that to you ? ' the Colonel answered, grow- 
ing redder than before. * I pay in advance, I tell you. 
He pulled out a worn purse with a hole in its side, 
and counted a few francs into the concierge's hand 
with the mien of a millionaire. 'A gentleman is a 
gentleman, in spite of misfortunes,' he observed, sen- 
tentiously, ' and will not submit to be sat upon by a 
lackey.' He paused a moment, and reflected. Then 
he dropped his voice a little. 'Anybody of the 



name of Egrcmont in the hotel?' he asked, in a 
confidential tone. 

* Mrs Egremont and her son,' the concierge replied, 
a trifle astonished. ' They came a week ago. That 
was young Mr Egremont you were speaking to just 
now — the gentleman by the table.* 

The Colonel drew himself up and looked across 
at Hubert, who was still sitting on a chair beside 
the verandah. He observed him with interest 
•Well, he's a fine, well-grown young man,' he re- 
marked, after a pause, surveying him deliberately. 
'A young man any father in England might be 
proud of! A chip of the old block, as far as body 
goes! But I'm afraid, after all, he's a canting 
humbug. I hate hypocrisy! Drank beer, though, 
like a man! Hope his mother hasn't succeeded in 
making a confounded Methodist of him 1 ' 

'Seventy-two is six francs,* the concierge said, 
returning strictly to business; 'and plain breakfast 
three. I suppose you will go into table dhdte this 
evening. Table dhdte is five. Fourteen in all, 
sir.* 

The Colonel eyed him severely. 'There, young 
man,* he replied, 'you make your blooming little 
error ! I will not go in to table dhdte this evening. 
I will dine d la carte, unostentatiously and simply, in 
number seventy-two. I am travelling incognito.* 
He drew himself up again. ' Mind,' he said, lower- 
ing his voice, 'don't mention to Mr Egremont that 
I asked at all after him or his family. You are not 
paid by your master, young fellow, to carry tales 
about from one guest to another.* 

The concierge nodded, and sent the boots to 
accompany the threadbare stranger to the room 
assigned him. The Colonel strode on with much 
military dignity. The concierge returned to the 
verandah to Hubert. 

'Who is he?* the young man asked, with a 
certain languid curiosity. 

* I'm sure I can't say, sir,' the concierge answered ; 
' but he can't be anybody much, for he didn't write 
for rooms beforehand. Though, to be sure, we have 
gentlemen come here in the climbing season who 
look more like chimney-sweeps than like people of 
position, through accidents on the mountains. But 
this isn't one of those ; his clothes are old and patched 
— premeditated poverty ! * 

* He's a loathsome sight,' Hubert mused ; ' and 
yet, there are relics of a gentleman about him 
still.' 

' It takes an opera-glass to see them, though,' the 
concierge added. * I should say by the look of him 
he lives on brandy.' 

* He'll die of it soon,* Hubert answered. ' His is 
a very bad case. He hasn't much more than six 
months of life, at most, left in him.' 

'You think not?' 

*I don't think, I know. He has had delirium 
tremens, I can see, for years ; and he's well on his 
way now to alcoholic insanity and creeping par- 
alysis.' 

•That's bad,' the concierge said. 

* Yes, inherited,' Hubert went on. ' He has brought 
it on himself in large part, of course ; but his 



AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN 59 

ancestors had laid the seeds of it before him. His 
children will develop it sooner than he; and his 
grandchildren will be born idiots or epileptics.' 

' You're a doctor, sir ? * the concierge asked, eyeing 
him hard. 

'Not exactly a doctor; but next door to it — a 
physiologist. I've spent three years in watching 
and studying these cases at an hospital. I know 
the type well. You take my word for it — if that 
man has a son, the son is doomed to insanity before 
thirty ! ' 



The table d'hôte that evening consisted of five people 
only — for the * hoary old reprobate ' persisted in his 
intention of dining alone in number seventy-two off 
a menu of his ordering. 

The Marchese and Fede were the first to enter 
the salle d manger. They had only been seated a 
minute, however, when Hubert dropped in, not 
expecting to see them. He gave a start of surprise 
when his eyes lighted upon Fede. 

* Why, signorina,* he cried, advancing to her with 
outstretched hand, *I didn't know you were here. 
We were not expecting you till to-morrow morn- 
ing.' 

Fede took his hand timidly. Her eyes met his 
and dropped. * Oh, Hubert,' she said — * I — I mean, 
Mr Egremont, how well you're looking 1 Papa, 
allow me to introduce Mr Egremont' 

'This is an unexpected pleasure,' Hubert cried — 
not searching about for a phrase like a modern novelist, 
but using the easy and convenient formula. 'I'm 
delighted to meet you ! When did you arrive ? 
I'm afraid, Fede, your father doesn't understand 
English; and my Italian, you know — * 



The Marchese bowed impressively with Floren- 
tine politeness. He was carefully groomed, and his 
big black moustache looked extremely imposing. 
'English,' he answered, smiling, and showing two 
rows of pearly white teeth. 'As well as you do, 
Mr Egremont! We Florentines are nothing, you 
know, if not cosmopolitan. Besides, my mother was 
an Englishwoman, and so was my wife; and when 
I was a clerk in a merchant's office in Fenchurch 
Street—' 

Hubert's preconceived notions of the proud Tuscan 
nobleman received a severe blow. 'A merchant's 
office in Fenchurch Street ? ' he repeated, bewildered. 
What had a Florentine Tornabuoni to do with 
Fenchurch Street?* 

The Marchese stroked the ends of the big black 
moustache with evident amusement. He was over- 
flowing with good humour. 'Yes, a merchant's 
office in Fenchurch Street,' he reiterated, delighted. 
'You see, we Florentines are also nothing if not 
commercial; and as my ancestors, the Tornabuoni, 
had left us a Property' — the Marchese always 
dropped his voice reverently at that sacred word, 
and pronounced it somehow with a capital initial — 
'a wine-growing estate in the valley of the Arno, 
which does a big export business in Chianti with 
England — my father thought it best for me, while I 
was young and plastic, to learn the ways of the 
English wine-market on the spot in London.' 

* I see,' Hubert murmured, sitting down and feel- 
ing very much taken aback. This was not the 
haughty Florentine his fancy had pictured. The 






man before him was gentleman to the core, but he 
was distinctly commercial. 

'You know my Chianti, I dare say,' the Marchese 
continued, with his expansive smile. 'The Monte 
Riggioni brand. It's making its way, I'm told, at 
Romano's and Gatti's.' 

'I — I don't think I discriminate between vintages of Chianti,' Hubert answered, much surprised. But he noted that the Italian aristocrat was not above turning an honest penny. 

'When did you get here?' he went on, turning 
round to Fede. 'How unkind you must have 
thought it of me not to have been waiting at the 
hotel to meet you ! But your father wrote you 
wouldn't arrive till to-morrow.' 

'I didn't wish to give you the trouble,' the Marchese answered, taking the words from Fede. 'It was a lovely day, so I decided on second thoughts, we had better push on to Rothenthal at once, instead of waiting over night at the inn at Goeschenen'

'We are the gainers,' Hubert answered, still 
awkward and confused. ' But I could have wished 
I had known it, Fede ; my mother and 1 would 
have been on the road to meet you.' 

The Marchese noticed that he called her plain 
Fede. These English have certainly the most pre- 
cipitate ways of plunging into matrimony ! But, 
being a shrewd and observant father, he had taken 
a preliminary survey of the young man whom Fede 
had picked up in an Oxford college, and he was 
pleased at first sight with his visible qualities. There 






was an air of solid coinincss about his simple dinner- 
jacket, and his studs and slcevc-links were of a 
sterling kind that inspired confidence. 

One minute later, Mrs Egremont and Sir Emilius 
entc;red the room together. 

Hubert rose to introduce them. ' Mother,' he said, 
bringing her forward with natural pride, * I find to 
my surprise the e and — cr — and Signorina 
Tornabuoni have arrived Marchese unexpectedly. Allow me 
to introduce you ; the Marchese Tornabuoni, the 
Marchese Fede ; my mother, Mrs Egremont.* 

The Italian bowed low with Florentine empresse- 
fftcnt. * Charmed,' he muttered between his white 
teeth, ' charmed to make your acquaintance.* 

'And my uncle, Sir Emilius Rawson,' Hubert 
added, glancing round at him. 

A curious shade of expression flitted for a second 
across the Marchese's face, which did not escape 
Hubert's keen notice. His future father-in-law was 
ftot an Englishman ; yet it was clear he was quite 
as visibly impressed by Sir Emilius's title as the 
veriest of snobs in our most snobbish of islands. 
* And Sir Emilius,' he went on, bowing again, 'de- 
lighted to meet you. We had heard you were stay- 
ing here— the concierge told us — but we did not 
connect you, somehow, with Mrs Egremont's party. 
Fede, my dear, you omitted to tell me that Sir 
Emilius Rawson was Mr Hubert's uncle.' As he 
said it, he was reflecting inwardly that an English 
Sir, even if only a knight, was usually wealthy. 
Beer gains no coronet till it has sold its million 
bottles. 





* I didn't know it,' Fede answered, with an apolo- 
getic smile. * Hubert — er — never happened to men- 
tion it to me.' 

'We had — so many other things to talk about,* 
Hubert adventured, with a smile, in the vain 
attempt to keep his eye simultaneously on his uncle, 
his mother, the Marchese, and Fede. 

Sir Emilius came to the rescue. He had diagnosed 
his man at a single glance — sound common sense, a 
head for affairs, hot-tempered, placable, overworks 
his digestion. * I was only plain Dr Rawson when 
the signorina was in England,' he put in. * A royal 
duke had luckily, soon after, a bad attack of gout 
— and — you behold me a baronet ! ' 

'A baronet!' the Marchese echoed. That vwas 
good, a baronet ! He recollected to have heard that, 
while knighthoods are sometimes cheap, unless a 
man has money enough to support the hereditary 
dignity he can never attain to the honour of a 
baronetcy. 

Soup intervened — the inevitable Julienne. The 
Marchese addressed himself to it with Italian 
promptitude. ' I understand,' he answered. ' Physi- 
cian in ordinary — that kind of thing, isn't it? A 
very good profession. The one unmistakably benefi- 
cent calling — for I don't count priests — and also 
paying. We are partners in business. Sir Emilius. 
We deal in Chianti, you deal in gout ; between us we 
ought to catch most of the world in our net, I 
fancy.' 

Sir Emilius smiled. * And we do,' he ansv/ered. 

Throughout the rest of dinner it gradually dawned 


on Hubert's mind that the haughty Italian aristo- 
crat was gently engaged in exploring the question, 
not whether his prospective son-in-law was the 
equal in birth, rank, breeding, and position of the 
Marchesa Fede, but whether his fortune was one 
worth a sensible man's acceptance for his marriage- 
able daughter. Once by mere chance, indeed, Mrs 
Egremont happened to allude in passing to her place 
in Devonshire. The Marchese was down upon her 
at once. * Ah, you live in Devonshire,' he said, 
wrestling with the table d'hdte chicken. * I have 
heard it is most beautiful. You have a house — a 
country house there. Delightful, de-lightful ! Your 
English country seats, they are always so charming ! ' 

* Our views are exquisite,' Hubert put in. * We 
look down upon a sweet little Devonshire river.' 

* Yes, no doubt,' the Marchese said, helping him- 
self to Yvorne. In England you have always 
such magnificent timber. A park, I suppose?' and 
he looked at Mrs Egremont with insinuating 
inquiry. 

'Yes, a charming old park,* Mrs Egremont 
answered quietly, *in a beautiful village.* 

* Deer ? ' the Marchese inquired. He cared no- 
thing for Nature, but he knew very well that deer 
in England were a symbol of extreme wealth and 
county position. 

* A few fallow deer,' Mrs Egremont answered, 
wondering why he asked the question. ' They look 
sweet under the shade of the spreading oaks in 
Devon.' 

The Marchese scored one good point in favour of 

the family. People with fallow deer are people of 
consideration. 

' And j/our estates, Sir Emilius,' the Italian went 
on, with a bland smile of suggestion ; ' are they also 
in Devonshire ? * 

The doctor smiled in return. 'My estates,' he 
replied, 'are entirely in Harley Street' 

*Ah, I see,' the Marchese echoed, at fault for 
once in an English allusion. 'Town Property. 
Most lucrative!' 

Sir Emilius found himself ignominiously com- 
pelled to elucidate his little joke. ' Harley Street,' 
he explained drily, 'is the doctors' quarter in 
London. It is wholly given over to medical men, 
you know — a paradise of pill -makers. I own no 
houses there — not even my own — which is merely 
leasehold. But you seemed so absolutely at home 
in England, Marchese, that I thought you would 
appreciate my — er — my delicate and playful way 
of putting it.' 

The Marchese nodded assent. ' How stupid of 
me,' he exclaimed. ' I understand, of course ; I 
catch your idea. You mean to say, your estate is 
the profits of your profession.' 

'Quite so,' Sir Emilius answered, with an eye on 
the salad. 

The Marchese did not attempt to conceal the 
scope of his inquiries. 'Then the park in Devon- 
shire came to you through your husband, madame ? ' 
he suggested tentatively. 

'No,' Mrs Egremont answered, hardly perceiving 
his drift. ' Nothing came to me through my hus- 



band. It was my dear father's place, and I in- 
herited it from him. It will be Hubert's after 
me.' She spoke with the unobtrusive and pleasing 
confidence of an English lady. 

' That's odd,' the Marchese continued, applying 
the common pump with less skill than vigour. 'It 
did not go to Sir Emilius. I thought that in 
England property descended always to the eldest 
son. You have the law of primogeniture.' 

* I am only Mrs Egremont's half-brother,' Sir 
Emilius interposed, clearer sighted than his sister. 
'Our mother was twice married. The first time to 
my father, a doctor at Norwich, a mere professional 
man, who left me unfortunately nothing to speak 
of, but what brains I may possess ; the second 
time to a well-to-do Devonshire squire, who be- 
queathed to my sister his estate and fortune. 
Which is why / am a poor devil of a doctor in 
Harley Street, while she rolls in her carriage down 
the slopes of Dartmoor.' 

' I see,' the Marchese answered ; * a double 
household. Yet ' — he took Sir Emilius's social 
measure with a frank glance of observation — *■ I 
should say you made a very fair interest on the 
brains which you tell me were all the inheritance 
your father left you.' 

' My brother is one of the most distinguished 
medical men in London,' Mrs Egremont put in, 
with sisterly pride. 

'And my sister is one of the most confiding 
women in England,' Sir Emilius added, in the 
same half undertone. 



The Marchese was well satisfied. The pump 
had acted. These were the very points he wanted 
to know. To-morrow, of course, he would have 
a formal talk with Hubert and his uncle, to settle 
the details of this business arrangement, this 
partnership into which Fede was thinking of 
entering. He would learn in full precisely how 
much the young man was worth, and how much 
he proposed to settle on Fede. A house? An 
income? An estate? A remainder? Meanwhile, 
however, he was so far satisfied with his preliminary 
inquiries that he waived further question. He 
could gather that the Egremonts were 'the right 
sort of people' — people with whom a man of Pro- 
perty (with a capital initial) might safely con- 
clude an alliance on his daughter's behalf, provided 
all other things turned out favourable. So the 
Marchese was affable. Affability was his forte. 
He diverged upon Florence. And when the 
Marchese was once well launched upon Floren- 
tine gossip, he was always interesting. 

As for Fede, she sat and smiled with a smile 
that alone was better than talking. She did not 
say much, but the little she said pleased her future 
mother-in-law. As they went out of the salle de 
manger Hubert gave a significant glance at his 
mother. Mrs Egremont bent towards him ; her 
lips moved slightly. 'She is charming, dear, 
charming,* the mother said, in a low sweet voice. 
And they passed on to the verandah. 

* It's a lovely evening,' Hubert observed. ' Let us 
take a stroll through the grounds.' And he glanced 




Up at the moon, now seen through the waving tops of 
the larches. 

The Marchese hesitated. If Se had known nothing 
at all of Hubert's position and prospects, he would 
have met the suggestion with a prompt negative. 
But as Mrs Egremont was a squiress in Devonshire, 
and as Hubert was her only son and heir to the 
Property, the Marchese decided, after a moment's 
pause, that there could be no great harm in letting 
the young people stroll out by themselves for a few 
minutes together — if he and Mrs Egremont followed 
in the wake and kept a good look-out upon them. 

' May I, papa ? ' Fede asked, looking up at him. 

' Shall we, madame ? ' the Marchese asked Mrs 
Egremont in turn, with more Italian correctness. 

' The young people would probably prefer to go 
out alone,' Sir Emilius suggested. He had once 
been young himself, and had not quite forgotten it. 

To Luigi Tornabuoni, however, the suggestion was 
revolutionary. A young girl stroll out in the grounds 
of an hotel for ten minutes alone with her prospective 
lover ! Impossible 1 impossible I But he understood 
these English, and dissembled his feelings. * It's a 
lovely night,' he said. ' I should enjoy a stroll my- 
self. Fede, my love, run upstairs and fetch a light 
wrap — Mrs Egremont, can she bring down a shawl 
or cape for you? You will help me to chaperon 
them ? ' 

* Oh, would you ask my maid, in number twenty, 
for my Cashmere shawl, dear ? ' Mrs Egremont said, 
with a motherly smile at Fede. 

The Marchese noted two things; first, that she 


smiled ; and second, that she brought a maid abroad 
with her when she travelled. ' Looks coiny,' he 
thought to himself ; ' coiny ! I shouldn't be surprised 
if Fede, after all, without in the least knowing it, has 
managed to patch up a very good match for herself. 
But, mother of heaven, how foolishly they do arrange 
these things in England !' 

They strolled out into the grounds. It was one of 
those serene October evenings, rare further north 1 
when the odour of pine and the buzz of insects seem 
to echo summer. The larches swayed and trembled 
in the moonlight. The three seniors walked behind I 
Fede and Hubert walked on in front, just far enough 
away to say those little nothings which were nearest 
to their hearts at that moment of meeting. The 
paths wound irregularly among shrubs and trees, and 
it was not even impossible — behind a clump of 
rhododendrons — but this book may perhaps be read 
in families. 

Hubert fixeH a white rose in Fede's bosom as she 
walked. She looked down at it, blushing. * You 
look sweeter than ever, Fede,' he said, gazing hard 
at her. 

' Do I, darling ? If I do, for your sake, I'm glad 
of it' 

' And that dress becomes you so ! Oh, Fede, what 
a delight ! I've been so dreaming of you, and long- 
ing for you. And you ? ' 

* Well, what do you think, Hubert ? ' 

* I tjink — you've missed me.' 

' Clever boy ! Who told you ? ' 

* The usual little bird, I fancy, Fede.* 



LOV£;'S PHILOSOPHY 



71 



Fede clasped her hands in the passionate Italian 
fashion. A British matron would have called it 
threatrical ; but to Hubert, who knew how naturally 
she did it, it was charming. ' Ah, darling, that same 
little bird came and perched on the vine by my bed- 
room window,' she said, with a deep tremor ; ' and what 
do you think it sang to me all day long ? " Tweet, 
tweet, tweet; Hu-bert, Hu-bert, Hu-bert, Hubert! 
You love him ; he loves you — Hubert, Hubert." ' 

She said it with a delicious imitation of the song of 
the beccaBco. Her tongue trilled like a bird's ; her 
breast rose and fell sweetly. It was a simple trick, 
but it made his heart beat hard within him. 

* And how much have you missed me ? ' Hubert 
asked once more, breaking forth with one of those 
eternal nothings of love which lovers of all ages have 
asked and answered in a thousand languages. 

Fede stretched her two arms as wide as they would 
go. 'As much as that!* she answered, laughing, 
' As much as the world ! As much as all the way 
from Florence to England ! ' 

He leaned forward pleadingly. 'Just one, Fede; 
just one ! ' They were abreast of the rhododendrons. 

Fede glanced round her with a nervous look. 
Papa was too near. * Not here, dear ; not here,* 
she said, in a faint voice of dissent. But her eyes 
belied her. 

Hubert snatched it, and walked on. His hand was 
on her arm. ' And my mother, darling ? ' he asked, 
more with pride than anxiety. 

' Oh, Hubert, there can only be one opinion about 
your mother.' 



* So I think,' he answered. * But I wanted you to 
love her.' 

* I shall, I'm sure. She so soft, so gentle. And 
she looks so young, too. Yet very sympathetic. I'm 
sure I shall feel to her more like a sister than a 
daughter.' 

'Her heart is young,' Hubert answered trutiully. 
' And her face, and her figure ! But not too young. 
She has also the look of a woman who has suffered.' 

* She lost my father young,' Hubert replied. * But 
she loves me so much, she is happy nov/, I think. 
And it makes her happy to secure my happiness. 
All has turned out so well ! Do you know, Fede, the 
first sight of your father's face completely reassured 
me.' 

' Reassured you, darling ? Why did you need 
reassuring ? ' 

' Well, I thought he might demand so much in 
the way of noble birth and all that sort of thing. 
But now I see him, I feel my fears were wholly 
groundless — or at least exaggerated. I fancied a 
Tornabuoni with a six hundred year old name 
would think so little of us. Yet — if you don't mind 
my saying so — I couldn't help noticing he was 
visibly impressed, when Uncle Emilius came in, by 
a brand new baronetcy.' 

Fede glanced at her lover proudly. * If he wasn't 
satisfied wii.h jyou, dear,' she said, * he must be ex- 
acting ! And besides, we Florentines think so much 
of England. It's fashionable in Florence to be half- 
English, you know. All the best families intermarry 
with Englishmen.' 


' I'm glad of that,' Hubert answered, as they passed 
a second clump of taller trees, * for it tells on my 
side. . . . Now — quick, Fede darling — another.' 

There was an interval of twenty seconds for re- 
freshments. 

'Besides,' Fede went on next minute, glancing 
back along the path, and trying hard to look as if 
nothing had happened, ' — what were we talking 
about — let me see ! Oh, yes ; the baronetcy ! Well 
— you mustn't mind my saying it, dear — it's Flor- 
entine, you know, to be strictly business-like ; and 
papa knows quite enough of England to know that a 
baronetcy means money. So I was glad to hear you 
had a title laid on in the family to impress him.' 

'But / haven't money, Fede. You must under- 
stand that. It's all my mother's.' 

* I know, darling, I know ; and to me, that's 
nothing. I would marry you, Hubert, if we had to 
earn our bread and to live in a hovel. But papa's 
notm love with you, of course ; and that makes all the 
difference ! He's a man of business, papa ; and he'll 
want to know soon all about your position and 
prospects and so forth. / had never thought about 
those ; so I was ever so glad to hear a number of 
things that your mother and uncle said at dinner; 
because I knew it would satisfy him — and — and — 
and—' 

* And bring our marriage nearer.' 

Fede clasped his arm ecstatically. ' Marriage ! ' 
she cried. ' Oh, Hubert, I don't mind about that. I 
only want to be near you 1 This is joy enough for 
me ! This is life with the halo on it ! ' 



THE PHILOSOPHY OF LOVE 

'You were wrong in what you said this afternooi,, 
Uncle Emilius,' Hubert began that evening, as soon 
as the Tornabuoni had left the salon. 'You were 
wrong when you said, "You fall in love with the 
girls you see ; how the dickens can you fall in love 
with the girls you don't see?" The mystery of 
love goes much deeper than that. There is another 
and a far profounder side to it.' 

' So young men always think when they're in love 
themselves,' Sir Emilius replied, with middle-aged 
tolerance for the follies of youth. 'They see every- 
tning through the rose-coloured glasses of their 
fancy. But they see through those glasses in an- 
other sense when they're twenty years older.' 

Hubert paused for a second, reflectively. They 
were sitting with Mrs Egremont in her private room. 
' Mother,' he said, turning to her, ' you must help me. 
Uncle Emilius is altogether too resolutely scientific. 
And yet not philosophically scientific either; for 
falling in love, after all, is a great fact and factor 
in the history of humanity ; and, like every other 
powerful component of our nature, it must be there 
for something.' 

' It is there,' Uncle Emilius replied, * for the very 

THE PHILOSOPHY OF LOVE 

simple purpose of making men and women, at the 
turning point of life, enter into what is after all a 
very irrational union with one another, viewed from 
the standpoint of their personal convenience. To 
be the father of a family — as I know by experience 
— is no easy sinecure ; to be the mother of a family 
is still less of an amusement, Julia, when one comes 
to face its meaning fairly. If we acted as was wisest 
for our own convenience alone, we would shirk the 
duty of raising up future generations of men. But 
there, nature intervenes with the illusion of love ; 
she cajoles us into believing, for a moment, that this, 
that, or the other particular woman is absolutely 
indispensable to our happiness or our very existence. 
As soon as we have made the step irrevocable, and 
committed ourselves to this husband or that wife, 
as the case may be, for the whole of a lifetime, 
we find out our nnsLake, and discover that any 
other person of modern attractiveness and tolerable 
manners would probably have done about equally 
well for us.' 

Hubert played with his cigarette-holder for a 
moment before he replied. Then he answered quietly, 
' I still maintain your view is neither scientific nor 
philosophical. You omit to take into consideration 
the very essence of love — its fastidious selectiveness.' 

' Explain ! ' Sir Emilius exclaimed. Explain ! ' 
And he leaned back in his chair, regarding his 
nephew with supremely critical superiority. The 
two men were singularly unlike in intellect — Sir 
Emilius keen and acute, not broad ; Hubert expan- 
s' e, many-sided, elusive. 



The young man looked at the ceiling, and half 
shut his eyes, dreamily. ' One day this summer 
term at Oxford,' he said, at last, taking up his 
parable, ' I was lying on a bank in Bagley Wood, 
when foxgloves flared, and bullfinches had put on 
their finest coats for courting. As I lay and looked 
about me, I saw, on a bent of grass close by, an 
orange-tip butterfly, just escaped from the chrysalis. 
He stood there, motionless, just poised on the stem 
up which he had crawled ; and after a while, as 
he grew accustomed to his strange new body, he 
began timidly to plim his untried wings, half open- 
ing them in the sunlight from time to time, as if 
wondering how they got there. For remember, 
mother, he was bred nothing better than a common 
green caterpillar. He knew nought of wings, of 
flight, of honey ; nought of love, of his mate, of 
his destiny. So he sat there, spreading out his airy 
vans with vague wonder, and mentally comparing his 
six slender legs with the creeping suckers or. which 
he crawled in his nonage.' 

Sir Emilius sniffed. ' Poetry ! ' he murmured 
' Pure unmitigated poetry ! Nothing on earth to 
do with science.* 

* Let him go on, Mill,' Mrs Egremont put in, with 
a warning look. * I want to hear what Hubert has 
to say about it.' 

* Science has its philosophy which is oeeper than 
its facts,' Hubert continued, pressing his mother's 
hand in mute gratitude. * And the use of the facts is, 
to teach us the philosophy. Well, I saw my butter- 
fly at last creep up his bent of grass — he that was till 



lately a small green grub, gorging himself on cresses; 
and one minute later, he had spread his wings, and 
ventured into the unknown, a full-fledged orange-tip. 
He seemed conscious of his beauty, too, as he spread 
his white pinions, with their brilliant orange badge, 
and their delicate fringe of Tyrian purple. All at 
once, as he fluttered and hesitated in mid air, he 
caught sight from afar of a virgin brimstone. " Will 
he chase her ? " I thought, though I knew he would 
not ; but he gazed at her, disdainful, and flitted by in 
the sunlight without one flutter of recognition. Then 
a clouded yellow sailed past, pursued by two rivals 
of her own swiftvvinged race; but the orange-tip 
fared on, never pausing to look at her. At a turn 
of the hedge, however, up loomed from windward a 
small yellowish butterfly, not much like himself, green 
and white underneath, fringed with black above, and 
without the orange spot which made my bright 
little friend himself so attractive. In a second he 
recognised her as his predestined mate, the one kind 
created for him. While I looked, all at once the 
whole world was one maze — in and out — in and 
out ; those two pretty things, circling and flickering 
tosether, were in the thick of their courtship — he, 
fWMig on the breeze and displaying at each turn 
his beautiful orange wings; she, coquetting and 
carvetting, dancing coyly through the air, now pre- 
tending to fly away, now affecting disdain, now 
allowing him to overtake her, with quite human 
coquetry, and now darting off" again on evasive wings, 
just as he thought he had captivated that capricious 
small heart ol hers. So they went on for ten 


minutes with their aerial minuet; and when I last 
caught sight of them, they were still circling un- 
decided in graceful curves above the sprays of wild 
rose in the hedgerow by the river.' 

* Very nicely described,' Sir Emiliu? observed, with 
a smile ; * but where does it lead us ? ' 

* To the central mystery of falling in love,' Hubert 
answered, very seriously, undeterred by his uncle's 
bantering tone and raised eyebrows. 'The thing is 
a miracle. For you must remember that that orange- 
tip was born and bred a small green-and-white cater- 
pillar. He never knew, as you and I do, that his 
father and mother were orange-tip butterflies before 
him. He never beheld any previous generation. He 
emerged from the egg, a tiny, hungry grub, long 
after his parents were dead and forgotten ; and when 
he crawled abroad into the world, he met none of 
his Ovvn kind, save a few other creeping green-and- 
white caterpillars. He ate and slept and never 
dreamt of wings or of the future butterfly. At last, 
one day as he sat on his native plant, a curious 
change came slowly over him. He found himself 
melting away into a boat-shaped chrysalis. A film 
grew over him. There he lay, as in a mummy- 
case, growing gradually and unconsciously into a 
full-formed butterfly. Yet, how did he know, when 
he emerged from the cast shell, that he was a male 
orange - tip ? Still more marvellous, how did he 
know the female of his own species ? He had never 
beheld his own wings in a glass ; he had never be- 
held any image of his beloved. Yet, the moment 
he emerged from the solid mould in which he had 



THE PHILOSOPHY OF LOVE 



79 



undergone his strange transformation, he flaunted 
his wings at once by inherited instinct, so as to 
display the orange patch he had never himself be- 
held there! And when butterflies of other kinds 
appeared on his path he took no notice of them ; 
yet the moment a mate of his own swam into his 
ken, he instantly and unerringly recognised his 
chosen helpmate. Now, 1 call that a miracle. 
And I call it also the best clue we have to all the 
mystery and philosophy of love-making.' 

' It all amounts to saying,' Sir Emilius interposed, 
with a faint dash of cynicism, ' that every species 
knows its own female.' 

' It amounts to a great deal more than that, Uncle 
Mill,' the young man continued, with a jroung man's 
enthusiasm. ' You persist in omitting the central 
element still — the fastidious selectiveness. How 
does my orange-tip know when he has lighted on 
the mate prepared from of old for him ? Must he 
not have somewhere within his tiny brain and 
nervous system an inherited form or mould, as it 
were, which answers exactly to the image of his 
own kind, and of the counterpart prepared for 
him? When any other image falls upon his vague 
little eyes and senses, he fails to respond to it. 
But when the image of his own type falls upon 
his retina, it fits the inherited form or mould ab- 
solutely, and he rushes to make love to the 
creature that fills it, with intuitive certainty. The 
moment the ancestral mould is completely met 
and satisfied, the creature that meets it he lyves 
as instinctively as Miranda loved Ferdinand — the 



first man save Prospero on whom her eyes had 
lighted.' 

'Shakespeare is not evidence,' Sir Emilius mur- 
mured, with a contemplative nod. ' The case of 
Miranda lacks objective confirmation. Besides, what 
you say comes still just to this — that each kind falls in 
love not with alien forms, but with its own species.' 

Hubert stuck to his point. 'Still,' he answered 
warmly, * you are omitting the selectiveness. Love 
distinguishes and discriminates. Even the little 
female orange-tip is not ready to accept without 
demur the advances of the first stray suitor who 
presents himself. She picks and chooses. What 
do all her coyness and coquetry mean but just 
such picking and choosing ? She pleases herself in 
her choice of a lover. Not only has she imprinted 
on her tiny brain an inherited image of her kind 
as such, but also an inherited image of the exact 
type of her kind which best suits and delights her 
individual idiosyncrasy. For, mark you, Uncle Mill, 
it is not all pure caprice. This picking and choosing, 
again, is there for a reason. It is only the most beauti- 
ful, the most perfect, the most agile, the most effective 
that get selected on the average, and such selection 
increases in the long run the beauty, agility and 
effectiveness of the species. 

Mrs Egremont sat by, listening with a curiously 
attentive face. As a rule, Hubert's talk with his 
uncle on these abstruse subjects lay on a plane a 
little above her range of interests. But his theory 
to-night somehow seemed to engage her. * You re- 
mind me,' — she began, and then broke off suddenly. 


* Of what ? ' Hubert asked, turning quickly to- 
wards her. 

Mrs Egremont hesitated. 'Well, I have heard 
the same thing discussed before,' she said very 
slowly, ' from another point of view, and what you 
said just now reminded me so strangely of — the 
person who discussed it.' 

' Still, all this reasoning amounts to no more than 
what Darwin taught us long ago,' Sir Emilius in- 
sisted. ' I don't see that you advance the matter 
one step by these idyllic instances.* 

' What is true of the species is true of the indi- 
vidual too, I fancy,' Hubert went on, half dreamily. 
' Is it not the fact that for each one of us everywhere 
there is somewhere a counterpart, an affinity, as 
Goethe rightly called it in a phrase now vulgarised 
out of all serious meaning, but still a phrase that 
encloses, even so, a kernel of truth beyond all 
power of vulgar destructiveness ? I don't mean 
necessarily one affinity alone, but a relatively small 
number of possible affinities. Is it not the fact 
that, just in proportion as we rise in the scale of 
being, we find, at every fresh grade, a fresh stage or 
level of selectiveness — a further narrowing down 
of the possible range of choice and of attrac- 
tion? Among the lower animals, for example, 
any mate will suffice ; with the higher, aesthetic 
preferences begin to come into play, and give 
us at last such visible results as the plumage 
of the peacock, the bird of Paradise, the argus 
pheasant; as the song of the skylark, the linnet, 
the nightingale; as the grace of the fallow deer, 




the crane, the squirrel To this do we not owe 
the antlers of the stag, the crest of the heron, the 
colours of the humming-bird, the love-cry of the 
night-jar? So, too, among men. With the savage, 
almost any one squaw is as good as another ; he 
discriminates little between woman and woman. 
The rustic begins to demand, at least, physical 
beauty; higher cultivated types are progressively 
fastidious ; they ask for something more than mere 
ordinary prettiness — they must have soul, and heart, 
and intelligence, and fancy.' 

* There's something in that, no doubt,* Sir Emilius 
admitted, half grudgingly. 'Your doctrine is, in 
short, the old and discredited one — that marriages 
are made in heaven.' 

* Marriages are made in heaven,' Hubert answered, 
accepting his phrase. 'True marriages, that is to 
say ; for a marriage that is not made in heaven is no 
marriage at all. It belongs — elsewhere. Higher men 
and women feel intuitively that only here and tnere 
in the world, perhaps in some cases only in one 
person, can they find all the qualities necessary to 
unite with and supplement their own; and for that 
one person, surely, it is fair to say that heaven 
designed them. This consciousness of fitness, this 
sense of something instinctive within one, drawing 
one irresistibly to one particular soul, is it not, in 
the last resort, the voice of Nature telling us clearly 
what mate the powers that rule the universe have 
built and fashioned for us ? To neglect its bidding, 
to step aside from its impulses, to disobey its orders 
for mere human reason, these are surely rebellion 





to the divinely-appointed monitor we each carry 
within us. The man or woman who allov/s any 
other consideration, save this of immediate fitness 
for one another, to interfere in marriage does obvious 
wrong — at least, so I take it. Money, rank, position, 
prospects, differences of creed, differences of race, 
differences of class, differences of language, the 
wishes of parents, the arrangements of property — 
what are any of these to the inner voice of God 
and duty?* 

' But if a woman has been coerced ? ' Mrs Egre- 
mont put in eagerly. ' If she has been compelled by 
her parents, while she is still too young and unformed 
for independent action, to marry a man whom she 
hates and loathes, as often happens, what hope for 
her then, Hubert? How do you treat her case? 
What is her proper course, her right plan, her 
duty?' 

• She should leave him,' Hubert answered, without 
one second's hesitation. ' No other path, it seems to 
me, is open to her. For what can be more criminal 
than to become the mother of a child by a man whose 
idiosyncrasy is at war with your own, a man whom 
your own tastes and sympathies and senses proclaim 
to be unfit for you?' 

* And if he is rightly distasteful to her,' Mrs Egre- 
mont went on, leaning forward, with a flushed cheek. 
' If he is, for example, a drunkard, or a gambler, or 
a forger, or a rake, or a man of cruelly brutal 
instincts, you think she should not live with him? 
She should cut herself adrift from his hateful pre 
sence ? ' 


'Of course,' Hubert answered calmly. To him 
this was all mere speculative opinion. 'That is 
her clear duty. Ought she to people the world 
with children tainted from their birth, and spoil her 
own nobler or better qualities by admixture with vile 
and low and unworthy ones?' 

Sir Emilius glanced at his sister with an air of 
concern. He saw in her eye a strangely harassed 
look which was by no means uncommon there. 
'Julia, my dear,' he said, gazing hard at her, 'you 
are tired to-night. If I were you I wouldn't sit up 
any longer. You need a good night's rest. And 
this talk of Hubert's is disturbing — with the clock 
on eleven. Sleepless people should never exercise 
their brains after dinner. I never exercise mine — 
in the evening I am always strenuously lazy — and I 
sleep like a top from twelve to eight, without one 
minute's intermission.' 

Mrs Egremont drew a deep breath. 'Perhaps 
you are right, dear,' she answered, laying her hand 
on her brother's arm, 'though there are dozens of 
other things I should like to ask Hubert' She 
hesitated a moment, then took up her candle reluct- 
antly. 'Good night, my darling,' she said, kissing 
him twice on his forehead. 'Hubert, of one thing 
I am perfectly certain, that you have chosen wisely 
in choosing Fede.' 

Sir Emilius, with his keen instinct for reading 
faces and voices, was instantly aware that she said 
it in part to cover her obvious emotion, and make 
Hubert think it was his marriage, not her own, that 
she had sighed over so profoundly. But Hubert 



THE PHILOSOPHY OF LOVE 



85 



did not notice it. Sir Emilius's eye was keen Tor 
passing emotion: Hubert's, for the deeper-seated 
underlying facts of race and temperament. 

She glided silently through the door into her bed- 
room, which communicated with the salon. Sir 
Emilius dropped his voice. 'You see these things 
too exclusively, Hubert,' he said, settling down in 
his chair again, 'from the physiological standpoint. 
You forget there is a social standpoint as well — 
quite equally important We can't regulate our 
marriages wholly from the point of view of the 
efficiency of the race. We have to think of personal 
considerations also.' 

*Such as what?' Hubert asked, pouncing down 
upon him. 

Sir Emilius hummed and hawed. 'Well, consi- 
derations of social convenience,' he answered at last, 
with some hesitation. 'The laws and conventions 
of civilised society. We can't marry our cooks or 
our footmen, can we?' 

'If a man wants to marry his cook,' Hubert 
answered, with plain common sense, 'one of two 
things, I think, is pretty certain. Either he's a man 
just fit to marry a cook, or else his cook is a woman 
quite fit for him to marry.' 

' In the first case,' Sir Emilius mused, * it doesn't 
much matter, I suppose ; and in the second, there's 
no reason why the woman shouldn't rise to her proper 
station. Well, you may be right there, my boy. I'm 
not prepared to argue it out with you at this hour of 
the evening. But don't you think your doctrine is 
liable to lead on to all kinds of immorality?' 



*What do you mean by immorality?' Hubert 
inquired, inexorable. 

Sir Emilius paused again. * Well, to a good deal 
of chopping and changing in marital relations,' he 
a: swered, with an evasive subterfuge. 

* I think,' Hubert retorted, * if all men and women 
formed real attachments of native preference while 
they were young and plastic, there would be no 
real immorality at all in the world; they would 
choose instinctively the persons best fitted for them, 
and would, in the vast majority of cases, never feel 
the want of any other affections.' 

'Suppose they did, though?' Sir Emilius urged. 
' Suppose, for example, that a woman is married to 
a man whom she grows to despise; and suppose 
that afterwards she is thrown in with another 
towards whom she gradually develops a deep 
attachment; don't you think on your principles — * 

* Well ? ' Hubert murmured, half smiling. 

'Don't you think it very likely she might . . . 
prove unfaithful.' 

Hubert's smile deepened. 'Unfaithful to whom 
or what?' he asked. 'Herself— or her husband? 
She proves unfaithful to the man, as things are, 
under such circumstances, doesn't she? Whereas, 
under the system of things that would result from 
unrestricted natural marriages, she would not be 
likely, if she were a good woman, ever to form a 
union that was not destined to be permanent. As 
for bad women, they will be bad women, I fancy, 
no matter what artificial rules you make to bind 
them. No doubt a pure-minded woman — imagina- 




THE PHILOSOPHY OF LOVE 



87 



tive — sensitive — married to a bad man, and thrown 
in with a better one — ' 

'Would lose her purity,' Sir Emilius suggested, 
as Hubert cast about in seach of a phrase for a 
moment. 

* No,' Hubert said, with decision. * Such a woman 
eould not lose her purity ; she would only lose what 
we foolishly call her virtue. She would be loyal to 
herself and disloyal to her husband. But which is 
in nature the greater crime, do you think? — for a 
woman to step aside with a man she truly and 
deeply loves, or to become the mother of Nature's 
bastards by a man to whom she is married, though 
she loathes and destests him?' 

* Dangerous ! Very dangerous ! * Sir Emilius mur- 
mured. *You play fast and loose with sin. You 
undermine the foundations of civilised society.* 

'You know what George Meredith makes one 
of his characters say under such circumstances?' 
Hubert put in, still smiling faintly — "'The real sin 
would have been if she and I had met, and — '" 

'And what?' Sir Emilius asked quickly. 

' Meredith doesn't say,' Hubert answered. ' He is 
wise enough to break off. He leaves it to the 
reader to finish the sentence. But surely, uncle, 
there are positive duties in life as well as negative 
— things which it would be wrong of us to leave 
undone, as well as things which it would be wrong 
of us to do — for the sake of the future of the world 
and of humanity.* 

* I fail to follow you,' Sir Emilius said, in a decided 
voice, taking up his bedroom candle. 



' If it is a duty to abstain from peopling the world 
with the unfit,' Hubert urged, following him up, ' is 
it not equally a duty to do what we can towards 
peopling it with the fittest?' 

' Hubert, darling,' a tremulous voice broke in from 
the bedroom, • would you mind speaking just a little 
lower? I can hear all you say, so you keep me 
awake — and, for Fede's sake, I do so want to be 
bright and fresh to-morrow.' 

But Sir Emilius could hear that the voice in which 
his sister spoke was one of profound, though sternly 
repressed agitation. 

Hubert took an English weekly paper up to his 
bedroom. He read himself to sleep over the review 
of a novel. * It seems alike unnatural and incredible,' 
said the reviewer, 'that a woman of the high char- 
acter of Iris should have consented to live in any 
relation but absolutely legal wedlock with any man.' 
Hubert did not know who Iris was, or what he might 
have thought of her conduct if he had read the 
story. But the remark cast a flood of light on the 
psychology of the reviewer. What on earth had 
Iris's high character to do with the question? If 
he had said, ' a woman so prudent as Iris,' * so self- 
seeking as Iris,' 'so cautious as Iris,' Hubert would 
have understood it. But 'a woman of the high 
character of Iris!* — it was really too absurd. He 
went to sleep smiling at it. 

NESS 



At breakfast next morning, Fede wore the white 
rose Hubert had pinned the night before into her 
evening bodice. It had somehow unaccountably 
got crushed meanwhile — behind the rhododendrons ; 
but it revived in water, and looked almost as well 
as ever in the pretty pink blouse she wore down 
to breakfast. Only Mrs Egremont (being a woman) 
noticed its tumbled condition, and mentally ac- 
counted for it with a motherly smile; for Mrs 
Egremont had been young, and was young enough 
still to sympathise with lovers. 

Fede certainly was charming. The mixture of 
the hot Italian woman and the bright English girl 
in her made a delicious compound. * A co-inheritor 
on one side with Dante and Giotto,* Hubert said ; 
'a co-inheritor on the other with Shakespeare and 
Darwin.' As she smiled across the table, with a 
flush of timidity on her dark olive cheek, at her 
future mother-in-law, Julia Egremont felt she had 
never yet seen any girl so attractive. It is seldom 
one's children choose the wives one thinks fit for 
them ; but il Mrs Egremont had been asked to 
select for Hubert, she could not have picked out 
anyone more to her taste than Fede. 



'And then just look at her antecedents,' Hubert 
said to her with pride, when they met in their salon 
three minutes before breakfast * Could anyone have 
a better or finer record? Her father is a Torna- 
buoni ; and you've only to look at him to see at a 
glance he is straight, and well-built, and noble, and 
honourable — an Italian gentleman to the core, every 
inch of him I And her mother, an English lady — a 
Warwickshire Hampden, indirectly descended from 
the great John Hampden, and belonging therefore 
to one of the soundest and ablest familes in England. 
I don't care twopence myself about family from any 
other point of view : of course, I don't want to marry 
the last girl of a decadent stock, not if she were the 
daughter of a hundred silly or drunken earls ; but 
surely, noblesse oblige and a physiologist at least 
ought to take care he's marrying into a good sound 
stock that will do credit to his children.* 

* Besides which,' Uncle Emilius added maliciously, 
'you're in love with Fede.' 

'It's the same thing,' Hubert answered sturdily, 
not yielding one jot or tittle of his argument. ' If 
people fall in love, that shows they're eternally 
meant for one another. They're ihe pair whom 
Nature designs to unite. It's your loveless marriages 
that do all the harm. Considerations of money, 
convenience, rank, birth, and religion — those lead 
to unions with no final reality in them. But I'm in 
love with Fede — because Fede is good and beautiful 
and sound and strong and attractive ; which means, 
she is the girl I ought to marry.' 

* Q.E.D.,' Uncle Emilius responded, with his hand 




on the door. ' After which, I propose to go down to 
breakfast' 

The Marchese, however, took a more mediaeval 
and commercial view of married relations than 
Hubert. As soon as breakfast was over, he drew 
Uncle Emilius aside into the salon of number 
twenty, and requested the honour of a few minutes* 
conversation alone with him. Being a man of 
business, he saw at once that Uncle Emilius was 
more likely to give dispassionace consideration to 
practical details than Hubert himself in his present 
condition. 

The interview was satisfactory. 'Then I quite 
understand,' the Marchese observed at the end of it 
* Mrs Egremont's estate, being worth what you say, 
is absolutely entailed on the children of the marriage. 
The Property is not at her own disposal. It follows 
the name. And she has no other child but Mr 
Hubert' 

* Precisely,' the doctor answered, stroking his chin 
after his wont 'And I believe — I do not know — 
but I believe — and will ascertain — that my sister 
desires to make a proper and ample provision, mean- 
while, for the Marchesa Fede.* 

'After her death — your sister's, I mean — Mr 
Hubert must necessarily inherit everything?' 

'Yes, absolutely everything.* 

' Her husband was a military man, I understand ? ' 
the Marchese continued tentatively. 

'Colonel Egremont? — he was. He had served 
in India.' 

' A colonel ? So ! I must telegraph full details 





of the arrangement, you see, to Florence.' And he 
made a little note of it. 

Sir Emilius looked doubtful. ' Well, between you 
and me,* he remarked, after a pause, stroking his chin 
with one dubitative hand, * I don't know that I 
would make a great point of the Colonel. He was — 
well — a bit of a scamp, I'm bound to admit. There 
are black sheep, you see, in every family. He gave 
my sister a good deal of trouble.' 

The Marchese was a man of the world ; and 
besides, he knew the exacting morality of these 
extraordinary English. With them, a married man 
— but there. No Tuscan gentleman could ever 
endure it. ' Oh, of course,* he ans ivered diplomati- 
cally, *we understand these things. Military men 
have a code of their own. And in India, too, 
you say ! Those very hot climates ! ' 

* But Hubert,* Sir Emilius went on, with avuncular 
pride, * Hubert's a young fellow to be proud of 
He carried everything before him in science at 
Oxford. He's a rising physiologist, sure of elec- 
tion to the Royal Society. And — he's also a 
poet.' 

* A poet ! That's bad,' the Marchese cried, draw- 
ing back. * These poets play ducks and drakes with 
their money.* 

Sir Emilius assumed at once his blandest air — 
the air with which he assured the nervous lady- 
patient there was nothing on earth the matter with 
her digestive economy. * But, my dear sir,' he put 
in, ' the man of science in Hubert outbalances the 
poet. It's a capital mixture. Enough imagination 



MATRIMONIAL BUSINESS 



93 



to save him from being dry; enough steady ballast 
to keep him from being wild and mad and reckless. 
He's my favourite nephew — like one of my own boys 
to me!' 

This was an opening for the Marchese to explore 
the question of contingent remainders. ' Then you 
have children of your own?' he interposed dubi- 
ously. 

Sir Emilius drew one weary hand across his ample 
brow. ' Children ? ' he cried. * Oh, dear, yes ! My 
quiver full of them ! Tn fact, I may say, twelve go 
to the quiverful* 

The Marchese made a mental note of the fact. 
No windfalls from that quarter! 'Well, you'll 
excuse my being business-like,' he said, with his 
expansive smile, stroking the black moustache 
pensively. ' We Italians treat these affairs from a 
strictly legal standpoint. And in the present 
depressed condition of the wine -market' — the 
Marchese delivered those well-worn words in his 
most impressive style — he had had much practice — 
'before I allowed matters to go a step further 
between Fede and your nephew, I felt I must under- 
stand his financial position.' 

He paused a moment, expecting Sir Emilius to 
inquire in turn what provision he meant to make, 
per contra for his daughter's future. But, to say the 
truth. Sir Emilius, like a true-born Briton, had never 
even conceived that a ' foreign ' nobleman could 
make any provision of any sort for his family. 
The moment he heard Hubert was going to marry 
the daughter of an Italian marquis, he made up his 






94 



A SPLENDID SIN 



mind it must be a pure love-match, and put con- 
siderations of money out of court entirely. For it 
is the fixed belief of Uncle Emilius's kind that all 
foreign noblemen are penniless adventurers, per- 
petually on the look-out for a British heiress or an 
American millionairess, to keep the pot boiling. So 
he merely observed in an acquiescent tone, * We 
may gather, then, Marchese, that you offer no 
obstacle ? ' 

The Marchese jumped at this view of the question. 
' I offer no obstacle,' he answered, with an air of the 
greatest magnanimity ; though, as a matter of fact, 
he would have been prepared to make a settlement 
upon Fede if Sir Emilius had asked for it. 'You 
see, if my daujijhter were an only child we could 
afford to do more for her; but as she has two 
brothers — ' 

The idea struck Sir Emilius as novel — nay, almost 
brilliant. An Italian nobleman portion his daughter 
who was marrying an Englishman ! Original, really ! 
' Oh, we're perfectly satisfied as to that,' he said, 
smiling. *The provision my sister means to make 
for the Marchesa will be ample — ample. The fact 
of it is, my nephew is in love with your daughter; 
and all we require is your consent to the marriage. 
That being given, I think nothing else need detain us.' 

* Certainly not,' the Marchese replied. He rose 
from his chair and began to move round Mrs 
Egremont's salon in which they had been sitting. 
A photograph in a frame on the mantelpiece caught 
his eye. • Ha, an old friend I ' he cried, taking it up 
and looking at it. 



MATRIMONIAL BUSINESS 



95 



Sir Emilius nodded. 'Yes, the great American 
poet,' he said. 'You knew him?' 

The Marchese expanded visibly to the naked eye. 
* When he lived at Florence — yes ; I knew him inti- 
mately. Who that loved Italy did not know the 
poet? Who was not proud of his love for our 
country ? * 

' But I thought you had a feeble opinion of poets ? * 
Sir Emilius put in maliciously. 

The Marchese snapped his fingers. 'As sons-in- 
law, yes, I grant you. But, him ! ah, there, he was 
a Man, your poet!* 

' He was,' Sir Emilius admitted with caution. 

' We count him our own,' the Italian continued 
enthusiastically. 'Look what he did for Italian unity !' 
He put his hand on his heart. ' We are business-like, 
we Italians,' he went on, * but we are not ungrateful. 
Your poet forged a golden chain which linked to- 
gether Florence, London, America. After Mazzini 
and Garibaldi, what man of our time so deeply 
stirred the soul of Italy?' 

Sir Emilius was unprepared for such a burst of 
emotion. The Englishman keeps all his sentiment 
for the family: the Italian bestows it rather on his 
country. ' He was an intimate friend of my sister's,' 
he said drily, distrusting these transports. 'She 
admired his work. She carries his portrait about 
with her everywhere.' 

'In a silver frame,' the Italian added, looking 
hard at it. 

' Eh ? Quite so,' Sir Emilius answered, not grasp- 
ing his meaning. 



A SPLENDID SIN 



The Marchese mused aloud. ' This world's an 
enigma,' he said. ' Yet sometimes one gets a clue 
that leads one through it. — Well, well, Sir Emilius, 
I think we perfectly understand each other. Suppose 
we adjourn for awhile to the writing-room, where 
we can get pen and paper, and reduce the terms of 
our agreement to writing ? For this being a marriage, 
you see — an affair of importance — we must of course 
leave nothing to feeling, but treat it in every way 
as a matter of business.* 



CHAPTER VIII 



AN UNEXPECTED INTERVIEW 



While the two men of business were engaged on 
these practical details in the salon, Mrs Egremont, 
Fede, and Hubert had slipped out into the garden. 
For awhile they kept together; but after twenty 
minutes or so, the mother dropped quietly and 
naturally into the background — she knew her place, 
she said to herself with some tinge of a mother's 
irrepressible feeling when she first finds herself rele- 
gated to a secondary rank in her son's estimation — 
and allowed the young people to wander off by 
themselves among the roses and rhododendrons. 
She would write a letter home, she thought, under 
the shade of the trees; and she beckoned to Rosa, 
the round-faced chambermaid, from the window to 
come to her. 

' Bring me the writing-case froni number twenty,* 
she said, 'and a postage-stamp for England. The 
concierge will give you one." 

* Yes, madame,' Rosa answered, in her most insinu- 
ating voice. 'And madame's shawl, n'est-ce pas? 
Madame may catch a chill if she sits under the 
trees here.' 





* Oh, thank you,' Mrs Egremont answered, with her 
soft, subdued smile. ' How thoughtful of you, Rosa ! ' 

The girl tripped away, with the affected mincing 
step of the Bernese chambermaid when tricked out 
in her finery ; and was back again in a minute with 
the writing materials and shawl, as well as a foot- 
stool. She arranged it carefully under Mrs Egre- 
mont's feet, with obtrusive politeness. 

' Oh, thanks, Rosa,' the lady said, with another 
gentle smile. ' How very kind and good you 
always are to me ! * 

* Oh, madame,' Rosa answered, in her insinuating 
voice; 'it is always a pleasure to do anything for 
madame. Madame is so gracious ! ' 

She moved up the steps again. As she passed, 
the concierge muttered, ' You do make up to her ! ' 

Rosa smiled and tossed her head. * Last chance 
for the season ! * she answered flippantly, in quite 
a different voice, and in her own broad dialect. 
' She's good for twenty francs. If I carney her 
enough, she may make it forty. Besides, I'd like 
to get a good place in England!' 

It is the modern Eldorado of Bernese chamber- 
maids. It may lead to apotheosis — marrying the 
butler 1 

Mrs Egremont sat writing some minutes in silence. 
Her letter was full of Hubert and Fede. The girl 
was a dear girl — a very dear girl — and yet, of course, 
it was hard for a mother to lose the chief place in her 
boy's affection. But she was more than satisfied ; it 
was wrong of her even to hint her personal feelings. 
She was ashamed to think she could be so selfish. 






As she wrote, a figure glided silently across the 
lawn. It was clad in a shabby old tourist tweed suit 
and it walked with some difficulty, lifting each foot 
with care, as is the habit of men in the middle stages 
of locomotor ataxy. The hoary old reprobate had 
breakfasted in his room, and had stolen out at last in 
search of an opportunity for carrying a scheme he 
had planned into execution. 

He stole up to her so quietly, with cat-like tread, 
that he was close by her side before Julia Egremont 
saw him. His shadow on her paper first called her 
attention. She looked up, and gave a start of mingled 
surprise and terror. 

' What ! Walter ? ' she cried. ' You here ! Oh, for 
God's sake, what do you mean by it ? ' 

The Colonel drew himself up jauntily. 

* Yes, my dear,' he answered, fixing his eyeglass in 
his eye, ' it's me ; or, to be more strictly grammatical, 
it's I, at your service. "An unexpected pleasure," 
you say. Well, an unexpected pleasure.' He drew 
back a pace and gazed at her. * You hardly supposed 
you'd see me in this out-of-the-way place, did you ? ' 
he went on, with hateful banter. * Oh, no, of course 
not. In point of fact, that's exactly why you came 
here. You avoided Florence, for fear of meeting me. 
How did I find out your plan ? I see you asking 
yourself that mental question. Well, it's as simple as 
getting drunk, and much less costly. I was over at 
Lugano, boring myself to death in a bad hotel, and 
baking myself to blazes, when I happened to see your 
respected name in the Swiss Times on the visitors 
list at the Black Eagle. " A rare chance," thought I 


to myself, " of seeing dear Julia ! " When a man's 
' been separated so long from his wife, the sight of her 
name naturally produces in his mind an immediate 
access of deferred affection. He takes the arrears 
out, so to speak. So into the train I jumped, took 
the Gotthard to Goeschenen, walked over the pass, 
didn't kill myself on the glacier, descended on the 
valley, and — here I am at last, my dear girl, to adore 
you !' 

He held out both hands, palm outward, in an 
imploring attitude. But his face was all mockery. 
Mrs Egremont rose from her seat in an agony of 
terror. 

* Oh, go, go, go ! * she cried. * How cou/d you be so 
imprudent? What should I do if Hubert were to 
come up and see you ? He's here at the hotel with 
me.' 

* So I saw in the newspaper. And, to tell you the 
truth, that seemed to me an additional reason for 
paying my respects to you. It's high time the boy 
knew his own father.' 

Mrs Egremont wrung her hands. 

'Walter,' she moaned, *you are merciless.' She 
cast her eyes about her hastily, as if looking for 
shelter. ' You have broken your compact,' she went 
on. * Didn't you promise me faithfully you'd never 
come north of the Alps without leave ? Don't I pay 
you five hundred a year to live away from England ? 
Haven't I got your own name to the agreement on 
paper ? ' 

Colonel Egremont eyed her through his eyeglass 
with a complacent smile. * Well, I'm not north of the 



Alps, am I ? * he answered, gazing about him at the 
mountains with unruffled geniality. ' I'm here in the 
midst of *em. Jolly fine Alps, too ; as large as they 
make 'em. Besides, if it comes to that, didn't you 
promise once to love, honour and obey me?' He 
held out his arms once more with mock pathos — that 
loathsome, bloated man. *Do you love me now?* 
he asked. Do you honour me? Do you obey 
me?' 

Mrs Egremont shuddered. 

* God help me, no ! ' she cried, with a wild gesture 
of repugnance. ' How could anyone love or honour 
or obey such a creature as you are ? ' 

The Colonel was cool as indifference could make 
him. 'Very well, then,' he said, shrugging his 
shoulders. * There you are, my good woman. You 
see how you keep your own promises, Julia.* 

His wife recoiled from him. His very look repelled 
her. * It was a wicked and a foolish one,* she said. 
' I ought never to have made it. Promise to do or 
not to do, if you will ; but promise to feel or not to 
feel — what a transparent absurdity ! ' 

Colonel Egremont surveyed her satirically through 
his pince-nez. ' And this, I suppose,' he said at last, 
• is the New Morality.' 

The unhappy woman sank into a scat and half- 
covered her face. * I don't know whether it's new or 
old,' she answered, shrinking from him. * But this I 
do know, that I cannot possibly have any feeling now 
but disgust and loathing for you.' 

Colonel Egremont dropped into a rustic seat, and 
unbuttoned his coat. * Oh, pray go on,' he observed, 





in a sarcastic voice. ' Don't trouble about me. For- 
give my intrusion. Excuse me for existing ! ' 

His wife rose wildly again, and approached him in 
her despair. 'No, finish it off at once,' she cried, 
pulling out her purse. ' How much do you want ? 
Name your own price I I know one thing alone 
ever brings you near me. Say what you demand, 
and go. But don't shame me before Hubert. If 
ke were to come — oh, my God, it would kill 
me!' 

*No, it wouldn't,* the Colonel answered, with the 
air of one who has tried, and knows. ' It takes a 
good deal to kill a woman. You're too tough for 
that, by half. Besides, you needn't be in such an 
unseemly hurry.' He assumed once more his mock- 
pathetic tone. *Why accuse your own lawful hus- 
band of mercenary conduct ? ' he asked, holding out 
both hands in a theatrical appeal. 'Is filthy lucre 
everything? Don't you allow some weight to the 
strength of the natural affections ? It's five years 
since we had the mutual pleasure of meeting. It will, 
doubtless, be five years more before we have a chance 
of that pleasure again. Let us enjoy at least some 
little interchange of social amenities before we pro- 
ceed to the dull and dry details of pecuniary 
arrangements.* 

Mrs Egremont drew back from him. *Are you 
absolutely heartless ? ' she murmured. 

' Not at all, my love ; not at all,' the creature re- 
plied, with that unspeakable ogle. * I'm insisting on 
the sacred privileges of domestic intercourse. It's 
you, my dear, who display a base desire to reduce 




the relations between us to the barest rudiments of 
a commercial basis.' ' 

He lunged forward, awkwardly, with an attempt 
to kiss her. Mrs Egremont sprang back with a 
wild little scream of horror. 'Walter,* she cried, 
'you're drunk I' And she tore herself away from 
him. 

' Why, of course ; yes, I'm drunk,' the man an- 
swered, laughing hoarsely. 'You don't suppose I 
was going to take the trouble to get sober, just be- 
cause I was coming to see you, do you ? But I'm 
not so drunk as usual by a long way, for all that.' 
He drew himself up with tipsy solemnity. ' Matter 
has three states,' he said, ' solid, liquid, and gaseous. 
/ have three states — drunk, very drunk, and dead 
drunk. I'm only just simple drunk at present; and 
that's quite as much as yon could expect from me, 
Julia.' 

He drew a step closer. Mrs Egremont held out 
her hand to repel him. 'Stand off, sir!' she cried. 
' Don't come one pace nearer, and don't presume to 
address me by my Christian namel Take your 
money and go I If you don't respect me, you might 
at least respect Hubert.* 

She glanced around her, terrified lest Hubert 
should come up. But Colonel Egremont only gazed 
back at her with a vacant smile. * Might I, really ? * 
he murmured. * What ! get sober for Hubert ? Oh, 
no ; hang it all, I'm as sober this moment as ever I 
mean to be.' He drew himself up for a moment. 
* Do you remember when I had charge of the casting 
at Woolwich Arsenal ? ' he inquired. 





* Do I remember ? ' his wife answered. * Can I ever 
forget it?' 

* Well, don't you recollect, if we once let the fires 
down in the blast-furnace, it took us a week, and two 
hundred tons of coal, ever to get them back properly 
into working order. Now, I'm just like a blast-fur- 
nace. If once I got sober, it 'ud take me a week, and 
two dozen of brandy, to get comfortably drunk again.' 

Mrs Egremont's fingers trembled on her purse. 
She looked round her once more with a piteous 
glance. * Oh, Walter ! ' she cried, ' for heaven's sake, 
have mercy upon me ! Name your own price ; but 
name it quickly ! ' 

Colonel Egremont gazed down through his pince- 
nez most contemptuously on the purse. 'What, 
gold ? ' he said. ' Notes ? Do you take me for an 
idiot? Do you think I came all the way from 
Lugano for that? No, no, my dear Julia, I value 
the domestic affections a world too high to dream 
of curtailing this delightful visit under a couple of 
hundred pounds. I suppose you have your cheque- 
book?' 

'A couple of hundred pounds!' Mrs Egremont 
echoed. ' Walter, it's impossible.' 

* Impossible ! Not at all ! Or — I come back to 
Milworth. Now, don't look so appalled ; and don't 
plead poverty. When I married you, you had a nice 
little fortune of your own, dear lady. Consider how 
you've treated me. We'd lived only five years to- 
gether, like a pair of turtle-doves — coo, coo, and 
nestle — when, all at once, you refuse me the privilege 
of residing with you any longer.' 



* Because no self-respecting woman could degrade 
herself one day more by admitting your presence in 
her house, Walter,'' 

The Colonel took no notice of the interruption, but 
continued his monologue. 'And as you had, by 
settlement, the power of the purse — all through your 
father's confounded pig-headedness — you extort from 
me an absurd and ridiculous bargain that I must pass 
my winters at Nice, Cannes, Algiers, Monte Carlo, 
and my summers in the Apennines or Lord knows 
where, so long as it's a good three hundred miles 
away from you. I ask you, is that the right way to 
treat the man you promised to love, honour, obey, and 
cherish ? Well, now, I've broken loose ! I'm not 
going to stand it! I'm a free man, am I not? I'm 
an English gentleman ? ' 

* You were once,' Mrs Egremont answered, survey- 
ing him despairingly. 

The Colonel drew himself up with military pride. 
'And I mean henceforth,' he said, 'to resume my 
proper place in society. I will no longer accept your 
miserable pittance.* He reeled for a second, and 
steadied himself, repeating once more the words, 
' miserable pittance.' ' That's not intoxication,' he 
went on ; ' that's this beastly ataxy. But my terms 
are simple — two hundred down, I say, and an advance 
to a thousand a year in future 1 ' 

' Walter, I can't do it. The estate won't stand it' 

The bloated face was wrinkled with a cynical smile 

of disbelief. ' It won't do,' the man answered, shaking 

his head. ' You can't come it over me, I know that 

silly cry — agricultural depression. Eveiybody uses 




it now as an excuse for meanness. But it won't go 
down here! You must pay up, I say — or take me 
back at Milvvorth.' 

Mrs Egremont's face was deadly white ; but her 
voice was resolute. *I will not pay you,' she said. 
' I will not — and I cannot.' 

The Colonel sprang forward unsteadily, and seized 
her wrists in his hands. He was a powerful man still, 
in spite of the ataxy. 'You won't pay up, won't 
you?' he cried, in a threatening voice. * We'll see 
about that I ' He wrenched her wrists hard. * Will 
you or won't you ? ' he cried angrily, twisting them. 

' Let me go, sir,' Mrs Egremont exclaimed, with a 
little cry of pain. ' Remember, if Hubert comes and 
finds out who you are, you lose your last hold on me. 
Only for his sake do I allow you anything.' 

* Will you sign ? ' the Colonel asked, giving her wrist 
another wrench. 

• I will not,' Mrs Egremont answered, in great pain, 
but immovable. ' Oh, let go ; you hurt me ! ' 

* I mean to hurt you. Sign ? ' 

' Take your hands off me, I say ! How dare you 
touch me ? ' 

The Colonel wrenched again. * I won't let you go,' 
he said, ' till you've promised to arrange with me.' 

• Never 1 ' Mrs Egremont cried, * never ! ' She lifted 
her voice and called aloud in her torture, ' Emilius ! 
Emilius ! * 

Next moment, an apparition of a dainty morning 
dress round a corner of the shrubbery — and — Fede 
and Hubert stood full in view of them. 





Hubert saw nothing but a man — a vile-looking 
man, the hardened drunkard of the previous even- 
ing — holding his mother's wrists and evidently 
trying to bully her. In a second, he had rushed 
forward and seized the fellow's hands. 'Stand 
back, sir 1 ' he cried, flinging him off. * How dare 
you? How dare you?' And he threw the 
Colonel aside with a violent effort ' Mother, what 
does this mean?* he exclaimed, gazing gently at 
her. 'Who is this man that's frightening you?* 

The worst had come! At sight of her son, 
Mrs Egremont sank back, pale and trembling, into 
her seat, and covered her face with her hands, 
shame and fear fighting hard in her. 'Oh, Hubert, 
what shall I do?* she moaned aloud, through her 
sobs. Then she turned to the Colonel. 'Go, go,' 
she wailed again. 'I can't stand it! Go!' And 
she trembled violently. 

Hubert faced the man again. The Colonel posed 
there, with an affected air of gentlemanly indiffer- 
ence. 'Explain, sir!' Hubert cried, confronting 


him. * How dare you lay your hands on this 
lady?' And a twitch in his foot displayed his 
first impulse. 

Colonel Egremont drew himself up with a con- 
scious effort. 'You demand an explanation?' he 
said slowly, facing him. 

' I do,' the young man answered, hardly able 
to address him. 

' No, Hubert, no,' Mrs Egremont moaned, plead- 
ing, and holding his arm. 

* I demand it,' Hubert answered again, laying 
one soothing hand on his mother's shoulder. 

'Then you shall have it,' the Colonel replied, 
with what shred of dignity was left him. He 
drew a card from his pocket, and handed it to 
Hubert. * There is my name, young man,' he 
went on in a very deliberate way. 'This lady is 
my wife. And you, I presume, are my son — 
Hubert Egremont.' 

Hubert glanced at the card in a whirl of amaze- 
ment. The world swam round him. 'Colonel 
Walter Egremont, late Royal Engineers!' He 
turned, half faint, to the drooping figure on the 
seat. 'Mother, mother,* he cried, 'what does it 
mean? Who ts this man? How dare he use my 
father's name — my father's?' 

Mrs Egremont bowed her head in a fierce burst 
of remorse. 'I did it for your sake,' she answered, 
cowering. 'Oh, Hubert, don't hate me for it. 
What he says is true, my boy. I married that 
creature! He is my husband!' 

Hubert drew back, appalled. One hand was on 



THE COLONEL SCORES 



109 



his forehead. He scanned the man over from head 
to foot, disdainfully. Colonel Egremont tried to 
stand before his gaze without reeling. ' Your 
husband I ' Hubert echoed. * My father ! That 
thing! That creature! Oh, mother, can you 
mean it? Don't say so, dear mother!' 

The quaver in his voice was concentrated agony. 
Mrs Egremont dared not raise her eyes to meet 
her son's. She only murmured again, 'For your 
own sake, my boy, I tried to hide it from you. 
I paid him to keep away. I have paid him for 
"ears. You know why now. What he says is 
rue. This man is my husband.' 

' And your father,' Colonel Egremont added, with 
malicious satisfaction. 

'But he died — he died twenty years ago!' 
Hubert broke out wildly, unable to believe the 
hideous truth, now he heard it. 

'So she told you,' the Colonel answered, with 
a smile of triumph. 'So she told you, no doubt. 
But' — he dug his own ribs demonstratively with 
his thumbs — ' I venture to say, she was quite 
mistaken. I'm alive and kicking. I can kick 
hard still, thank heaven. Oh, she poses, of course, 
as a model mother. But she's brought you up, 
my boy, on a pack of lies. Come to your father's 
bosom, my long-lost son!' He stretched out his 
arms melodramatically — then reeled again, and 
caught hold of the rustic seat with one hand 
to balance himself. 'We have been too long 
apart ! ' he went on. ' This woman, this wretched 
woman, has separated usl' 



'Sir!* Hubert cried, springing forward and 
raising one fist instinctively. 

The Colonel retreated a step, and buttoned up 
his coat with significant symbolism. 'Oh, very 
well,' he said, *if you renounce your own flesh 
and blood, of course I've nothing more to say 
against it. But you'll have to put up with me 
when I return to Milworth.' 

Till that moment Fede had stood back, un- 
perceived, among the rhododendrons. Br»t as 
Hubert advanced with one fist raised to 
strike ths wretched creature, she rushed for- 
ward to stop him. * Oh, don't ! ' she cried, 
seizing his arm ; * oh, don't ! Who is this man, 
dear Hubert?' 

Hubert fell back on the seat, crouching. The 
full terror and horror of it came home to him 
at that moment. 'This man?' he repeated, only 
realising it by degrees. 'This man? Who is 
this man? Fede, Fede, my darling, go away, I 
implore of you ! I can never be yours now. It's 
too hateful to face! Who zs this man? My 
father! My father!' 

Fede drew back, incredulous. * Your father ! 
oh, no I' she cried, 'he can't be your father! 
Hubert, Hubert, my darling, I don't believe it — 
I won't believe it!' 

She flung herself upon him, embracing him 
passionately. Mrs Egremont, with her face in 
her hands, sat inconsolable by his side. Hubert 
bowed himsjif down in his abject wretchedness. 
The Colonel alone, bolt upright, with arms crossed 



and 



THE COLONEL SCORES 



III 



and a smile of victory, surveyed the whole group 
in an ecstasy of triumph. 

'It is this that you have brought about with 
your regime of lies!' he said, slowly and bitterly. 
'You have taught your son to hate and despise 
his own father!' 



Hubert sat there immovable. It takes some minutes 
for revulsions of feelinfj like his to rise fully into 
consciousness. He sat there long, bowed down 
with utter shame, unable to look upon Fede's face, 
holding her hand in his, and endeavouring to realise 
this incredible catastrophe. Slowly the truth shaped 
itself at last in his mind. He began to understand it. 
His mother had married this hateful wretch — married 
him how he could not imagine ; and then, finding his 
company and his vices insupportable, had broken 
away from him, giving him an ample yearly allow- 
ance. But all these years she had hid the truth frc.n 
her son, pretending her husband was dead ; and now 
that Hubert saw the man as he actually was, he 
could not wonder at it. 

His son ! That man's son ! As the ghastly blind 
terror of it came home to him bit by bit, he rose up 
at last in his shame, withdrew his hand abruptly from 
Fede's, and rushed off in a wild burst of feeling to his 
own bedroom. 

Mrs Egremont, for her part, did not attempt to 


follow him. She sat there still, alone with her re- 
morse, and bowed down in her agony. Nor did Fede 
seek to detain him. She knew these things are best 
faced in solitude. She took her future mother-in- 
law's hand in hers, and, without one word, stroked 
and smoothed it tenderly. As for the Colonel, hav- 
ing delivered his bolt, he thought it best to beat 
a strategic retreat for the moment. A little later, 
when tide served, he could arrange at leisure for 
his increased allowance, or, its only alternative, his 
return to Milworth. 

For twenty minutes or more Hubert lay on his 
bed, tossed this way and that in a whirlwind of emo- 
tion. Yet the full shame and awe of the revelation 
broke over him but gradually. Not for several 
minutes did it dawn upon his soul that as he was in 
blood and bone this man's son, he was also the in- 
heritor of his transmitted tendencies. The mere dis- 
grace of calling such a creature his father was more 
than enough in itself for the first few dark moments ; 
to inherit his taints, his vices, his diseases was more 
than he could take in without long reflection. And 
he had dreamt an hour ago of marrying Fede — he, 
that loathsome thing's son I It was past all thinking. 
He had but one consolation in this hour of gloom — 
that the truth had come out in time to save him from 
such ineffable sacrilege. 

At the end of twenty minutes he could stand it no 
longer. Active natures need the outlet of activity at 
moments of profound and devouring emotion. Some 
inner spur goads them on to movement ; they must 
walk it off, walk it off, walk it off for ever. Hubert 


rose from his bed and broke out into the open air. 
He must move, move, move, up the sides of the 
mountain. 

He stole out by the back way, under the trellis of 
dead roses, to avoid meeting either his mother or 
Fede. Then he turned along the track which led to 
the Rothenspitze. He had ascended it yesterday by 
the easiest path, on the opposite side, with the aid of 
a guide. To-day he would ascend alone by the 
abrupter face that turned towards the village. Good 
Alpine climbers held the mountain unapproachable 
by the slope ; but what of that ? It mattered little 
now whether he lived or died. If he fell and broke 
his neck, so much the better. That would be the 
easiest way out of an intolerable situation. In any 
case he must climb, he must climb, he must climb. 
Anything to get rid of this gnawing energy. 

He set himself to work to scale it fiercely. As he 
rose on the first slopes, between grassy terraces, he 
could see his uncle and the Marchese walking along 
the dusty white road below, and entering the tele- 
graph office. A hateful thrill ran through him. He 
knew what they were doing. They had settled pre- 
liminaries, and the Marchese was telegraphing the 
news to Florence. News of the marriage that could 
never take place ! Marriage .' Was he fit to marry 
the vilest creature in the streets ? He, the drunkard's 
son, how could he ever have dreamed of that spotless 
Fede? 

He could see her even now on the lawn of the 
hotel, by his mother's side, holding her hand and 
smoothing it with daughter-like devotion. 


His mother ! If he were his mother's son alone — 
as he had been tiP that day — how different it would 
all have been ! He had known and loved and re- 
spected his mother from childhood upward. He had 
been proud to be her son, to feel he inherited her pure 
and unselfish moral nature. And now, this man ! 
this unspeakable interloper! How could she ever 
have married him ? How could she ever have con- 
sented to bring a child into the world who should 
share in such a creature's loathsome characteristics ? 

* If the man has a son,' he had said only twelve 
hours before to the concierge, ' that son is doomed to 
insanity before thirty.' 

Insanity ! Was that all ? Vice, crime, drunken- 
ness, brutality, paralysis. He might, perhaps, avoid 
by stern self-repression the drinking instinct itself, 
which wrought the curse; but how could he avoid 
the physical and mental taints, the hereditary ten- 
dencies of Colonel Egremont's moral or immoral 
nature ? To some men the plea of heredity is a 
convenient excuse. Hubert saw far too deep into 
Nature for that fallacy. It was the opposite idea 
which troubled him most. * I am wha*- I hate. I 
am, potentially, all that in my father revolts and 
disgusts me.' 

He climbed on and on with restless energy, up 
straight walls of rock, where his foot hardly found a 
hold in slight cracks and crannies. He caught at 
sprigs of bushes growing out of tiny clefts, and helped 
himself up by their slender twigs, in the wild hope 
that they might give way and let him dash himself to 
pieces against the rocks at the bottom. But they 




held, by a miracle. He never thought of how he 
climbed : his mind was seething now with so many 
fierce and conflicting ideas. He could not possibly 
have scaled that rearing wall of rock, alone and un- 
aided, if he had attacked it consciously ; but the 
unconscious clambering instinct of the boy and the 
monkey came out in him now that he was blind to 
danger. He climbed and climbed, scarcely knowing 
what he did. He could hardly have pointed out his 
own track again to any other athlete; and if he 
could have pointed it out, nobody would have be- 
lieved him. 

But all the time as he climbed one terrible sentence 
rang ever in his ear, 'Who visiteth the sins of the 
fathers on the children unto the third and fourth 
generation.* Who visiteth the sins of the father on . 
the children ! The father on the children ! the father 
on the children ! He climbed to its tune. It haunted 
and followed him. 

Insanity ! Was he mad to try such a wild climb ? 
Insanity ! Was it some crazy impulse that drove 
him forth to-day, when he ought rather to have 
stopped to comfort and succour his mother ? What 
was that man doing now — that man — his father? 
Then the terror grew deeper on him. Was it the 
inherited selfishness of the brute's brutal nature that 
had sent Hubert himself out to climb, climb, climb, 
instead of staying to protect his worse than widowed 
mother from the creature's outrages? And Fede — 
dear Fede — for whom he would give his life, was he 
right to leave her so ? Ought he not to have tried 
to make the burden lighter for her ? Yet — surely no I 



He must never again see her. To see Fede and bid 
her good-bye was only unnecessarily to harrow her 
feelings. He could not face it. But was that, too, 
selfishness ? How could he escape his own inherited 
character? How think himself outside his father's 
traits in him ? Whatever way he turned, he ran his 
head once more against the great blank wall of his 
ancestral temperament. 

Climbing, ever climbing, hour after weary hour, 
driven by such torturing thoughts, and biting his own 
arm now and again for relief, he gained the summit. 
But it took him all day, for the northern face was 
steeper by far than the usual path, and he clam- 
bered up by himself with numerous delays and 
endless difficulties. On the top, once gained, he 
rested, weary. He could not scramble down again 
without some hours of repose. He had no food or 
covering, and the wind was chilly; still, he must 
stop where he was till his limbs had recovered from 
their fatigue and stiffness. He was bruised and 
torn, and he was glad of his hurts: the physical 
pain seemed to relieve the mental. It acted as a 
counter-irritant. By this time, he had fully walked 
off his first restless mood, which began to be suc- 
ceeded by a terrible depression. Evening came on* 
The peaks grew dark. The white blossoms shone 
with a strange internal light, as if they were self- 
luminous. He lay down on a bed of flowering 
daphne and saxifrage — close Alpine plants, swept 
short by the wind, which made a sort of spring 
cushion for his head and limbs — and looked up at the 
sky in listless indifference. His brain was all a blur, 




his eyes ached wearily. Still, he did not sleep, but 
mused to himself, in a deadly monotone, ' Who , 
visiteth the sins of the fathers on the children unto 
the third and fourth generation.' At moments of 
emotion, the Bible words of our childhood recur to 
us. They come with the sanctity, the solemnity, the 
power of ancestral echoes. 

The night was cold, and he was only a few 
hundred yards below snow-level. Now and then, 
to warm himself, he rose and walked about restlessly 
on the little rocky platform that formed the summit. 
As he did so, he kept stumbling over loops of root 
and gnarled stocks of low bushes. His heel struck 
against stones: he almost fell. Did he lift his feet 
as high as usual, he wondered? At the thought a 
chilly shudder came over him all at once. That 
shuffling gait — that indecision of step — was it not 
one of the premonitory symptoms of locomotor 
ataxy ? 

Not for himself he cared, but for his mother's 
sake — and Fede's. How could he dream, such as 
he was, of ever marrying Fede? 

The night wore away slowly. He lay down again 
and watched it. Cold dews fell upon him. The 
stars came out, one by one, moved slowly across 
the zenith, and westered by degrees till they set 
behind the rearing white mass of the Himmelberg. 
He could see its whiteness now by their rays quite 
easily. Strange, how at moments of overpowering 
emotion, other thoughts will yet obtrude themselves 
now and then in shot threads across the woof of 
consciousness ! As he lay there and watched those 




silent constellations crawl with stealthy pace in 
measured spaces athwart the face of heaven, he 
realised, as he had never realised before, why as- 
tronomy was the earliest of all the sciences to force 
Itself upon the mind of primitive man — the sleeper 
'inder the open, the watcher of the sky through 
roofless nights of summer and winter. When the 
early hunter lay awake, even so, and tossed on his 
uneasy couch, and counted the groups that followed 
one another with even, unhurrying tramp across 
the sphere overhead, how could he fail to note the 
slow sequence of their movements, the invariable 
order of their secular rising and setting? Hubert 
absolutely envied those ignorant savages. If only 
he could have thrown himself back into their place* 
and forgotten these terrible lessons of modern phy- 
siology I But no — the doom was pronounced against 
him — pronounced by those immutable laws of 
nature, which, like the God of the Hebrews, visit 
the sins of the fathers upon the children unto the 
third and fourth generation — though, unlike him, 
they show no mercy to any, whether he love them 
or hate them, whether he keep or keep not their 
mute commandments. 

Gradually, morning approached. Hubert knew 
from the stars in sight that dawn could not be far 
from reddening the horizon. By this time an 
alternative feeling possessed him ; he was pain- 
fully conscious now into what an agony of terror 
he must have cast his mother. His thoughts 
rambled in a haze. He rose once more, and by 
the uncertain light began to grope and feel his way 



down the treacherous mountain. One false step 
would solve the insoluble problem. Now was the 
chance to slip; now was the time for an uninten- 
tional and half-unwilling suicide — for he was not 
quite at the point where he would knowingly and 
intentionally have flung himself down on the rocks 
below. From that last resource of hunted lives 
he shrank even then with real moral repugnance. 
But if only he could miss his foothold and fall against 
his will — how easy an outlet such an accident would 
afford him from an insupportable dilemma! 

Dawn primrosed the sky. Once more the white 
flowers on the slopes glowed as if self-luminous. He 
clambered recklessly down, clinging to twigs and 
ledges that seemed all but hopeless. Yet he never 
missed his foothold. Perhaps the very absence of 
fear and of the sense of danger which his weariness 
of life and longing for death gave him may have 
acted as a preservative. If he had clutched at those 
slender supports in any terrified or half-hearted 
fashion they might have yielded and let him go; 
but the recklessness itself with which he trusted to 
their flimsy aid made them adequate for his purpose. 
He swung from them as lightly, as surely, and as 
easily as a squirrel or a monkey. He had recurred 
to the level of the boy or the savage, who risks a 
life which he values little. Day broke as he de- 
scended the steep face of rock ; at the base of the 
first great pinnacle he could already see his track 
with perfect distinctness. 

Thenceforth his way was easy. He shuffled and 
stumbled down much more quickly and surely than 



' 



REACTION 121 

he had mounted. It was about nine o'clock by the 
village church when he found himself once more in 
the one long gleaming street of Rothenthal. 

And he was not dead. And he had cleared up 
nothing. The situation remained exactly where it 
was before he started, except that he had no doubt 
succeeded in casting his mother and Fede into trans- 
ports of fear for his immediate safety. Selfish, selfish, 
selfish ! No doubt, a son of that unwelcome father ! ' 



In Mrs Egremont's salon, about nine o'clock, Cecco, 
the Marchese's valet, peeped in at the door, where 
Rosa was engaged in dusting the furniture. 

' Good morning, signorina,' he said in Italian, 
just poking his head somewhat tentatively round 
the corner. 

'Good morning,' Rosa repeated in her own Teu- 
tonic variety of the Tuscan dialect. She was a cos- 
mopolitanised Bernese, and spoke most European 
languages in a more or less broken fashion. 

' The young signore not yet come back ? * Cerco 
inquired with curiosity. 

No,' Rosa answered, playing carelessly with Iv.r 
duster. She pretended to be busy with the objects 
on the mantelpiece. ' He left a note on his table for 
Number Twenty, to say he had gone up for a climb 
on the Rothenspitze, and might be out all night 
But Number Twenty doesn't like it, I'm sure of that : 
she's been crying all night, I think : her eyes are red 
and swollen this morning.' 

* Something's gone wrong,' Cecco murmured, ven- 
turing in a step or two. 

12a 






THE ENGLISH FOR FEDE 



123 



' This is Number Twenty's saloni Rosa observed 
in her coquettish way, looking round at him with 
a warning glance. 'She'll be out here presently.* 

'No, she won't,' Cecco answered, taking another 
step in. ' She's gone out on the terrace, looking 
for Twenty-Four. There's something wrong some- 
where, as you say, signorina. Our young lady has 
been crying, too, ever since yesterday morning.* 

' It's odd,' Rosa continued, pausing awhile and 
fronting him. ' I think the horrid old man in 
Seventy-Two must have something to do with it' 

Cecco dropped his voice to a confidential whisper. 
' You know why we've come here ? ' he said. * There's 
a marriage to be arranged between our young lady, 
the Marchesa Fede, and — ' 

' And Number Twenty-Four ; well, I knew that 
already, silly,' Rosa answered, brusquely. 

' Who told you ? ' Cecco inquired, drawing yet a 
step nearer to her. 

Rosa flicked her duster. * Who told me ? ' she 
answered. ' Well, I call that a good one ! Do you 
think I've been eight years a chambermaid, and 
must wait to know thmgs till people tell me?' 

' But yesterday morning,' Cecco went on, ' Number 
Twenty-Four and Number Seventy-Two had a talk 
together, and ever since then there's been nothing 
but misfortunes. The young signore has gone off 
up the Rothenspitze ; our Marchesa's in tears, the 
picture of misery ; the signore's mother is crying her 
eyes out ; and my Marchese's walking up and down 
in his room, swearing at me all the time as if it were 
an earthquake in Florence ! ' 




* Hateful old man ! ' Rosa cried. * I mean Seventy- 
Two. I should just like to know what he has to 
do with them. It's he who has come and made all 
the bother.' 

' Perhaps he's Twenty's husband,' the valet sug- 
gested, with a gleam of white teeth. 

'Oh, no, he's not,' Rosa answered, still dusting 
coquettishly at the vases on the mantelpiece, * for I 
heard madame say something to Twenty - Four — 
that's her son — about his father having died at least 
twenty years ago.' 

' But she may have married again, stupid ! ' Cecco 
retorted. 

' Stupid yourself ! If she had, how could she and 
her son be both called the same name ? They're all 
of them Egremontes.' She pronounced the word as 
four syllables, Italian fashion. 

* That's true,' Cecco answered, pondering. * Then 
perhaps he's her lover.' 

Rosa pouted her lips. * You don't understand the 
Inglese,' she answered, candidly. ' That's Italian 
manners. The English ladico never have lovers, 
signore.' 

Cecco nodded his head. * True ! ' he assented, after 
a pause. * I quite forgot that. Droll manners, those 
English I One wonders what they live for. You 
seem very much interested in the family, signorina.' 

Rosa tossed her pretty head. ' Nobody else in 
the hotel ! ' she answered. * One must interest 
onei)'*lf in something. Besides, I rather want 
Twenty to take me with her as lady's maid to 
England.' 





' To England ! Ah, well, perhaps then we may 
meet there, for my Marchese is sure to carry me 
with him to England for the wedding.' 

* But the wedding will be in Florence, won't it ? 
at Santa Croce or Santa Maria ? ' the chambermaid 
suggested. 

* Trust my Marchese for that ! ' Cecco cried. ' He's 
a man of business, my Marchese, and " in the pre- 
sent depressed condition of the wine-market " * — he 
imitated his master's most pompous manner — 'ten 
lire to a soldo he'll put the expense of his daughter's 
marriage on Number Twenty's shoulders.' 

Rosa was dusting a photograph on the mantel- 
piece as he spoke. It was the portrait of a tall and 
handsome man, close-shaven and clear-featured and 
very distinguished - looking. It stood in a silver 
frame. * I think this must be Number Twenty's 
gentleman,' she said, after a pause. * She keeps it 
here always in the middle of the shelf, and she 
often looks at it. It is no doubt the signore her 
husband.' 

'Oh, no,' Cecco put in. 'That mans name's not 
Egremonte. I know him well. He was a friend 
of my Marchese's. That's the great American poet 
who died at Florence when I was lift at the Minerva. 
He used often to drop in for our table d'hdte. I re- 
member him well. He was a very great man. He 
gave me five lire once for posting a letter for him.* 

'He's handsome,' Rosa said, scrutinising it. 'So 
he was a poet, was he ? The signora has his photo- 
graph in her bedroom as well, with some verses on 
the back of it. Perhaps he wrote them. But the 




verses are in English — or perhaps in American — so 
I cannot read them.' 

' Well, you see, he was a distinguished man,' 
Cecco replied, full of importance. * Oh, distinguished 
— but distinguished ! His friends were proud of him. 
A poet's a poet. When the King of Italy — the Re 
Galantuomo, I mean, Vittorio Emmanuele, not this 
man Umberto — when the King came to Florence, 
the poet was always asked to dine at the Pitti 
Palace ; and when he died, the American ambassa- 
dor came on purpose from Rome to attend the 
funeral. So I ask you, was he distinguished ? He 
must of course have been a very clever poet. Such 
brains those men have ! It makes one dizzy to think 
of it.' 

* Take care,' Rosa said; * I hear the signora coming.' 
Cecco retreated with dignity from the room. One 

moment later Mrs Egremont and Hubert entered 
it. 

* You can go, Rosa,* Mrs Egremont said, pale and 
white, but still with the external calm of an English 
lady. 

* Yes, madame ; at your service, madame,' Rosa 
answered, in her official voice, and beat a retreat, 
curtseying. 

* Mother,' Hubert cried, taking her hand, ' I — I 
have caused you so much trouble. Can you ever 
forgive me for it?' 

Mrs Egremont sank into a chair. ' I knew you 
would come back, my boy,' she said, with a quiver- 
ing lip, 'unless you slipped by accident. I knew 
you would not — intentionally — kill yourself.' 






You knew that, mother ? ' 

Mrs Egremont hesitated. *Yes, I knew it, my 
boy — but — ' 

'But what?' 

She faltered. ' I thought,' she said, after a pause, 
'you might try — half unawares — to let your foot 
slip on some damp piece of rock, and be dashed to 
pieces.' 

There was a moment's silence, then Hubert 
answ. red ' Tt would have been better so, mother.' 


mont flung her arms round him. *No, 



no, my darling,' she murmured. * For my sake, no 
— for my sake — and for Fede's.' 

•Where is she?' Hubert asked, trembling. 

' In her room.' 

* Was she very much frightened ? ' 

'No. She has confidence in you. She knows in 
her heart you could never desert her.' 

Hubert paused again. 'Oh, mother!' he cried at 
last, * I will not reproach you. Who am I to reproach 
you — I, that creature's son! But why, oh why did 
you keep it from me always?' 

Mrs Egremont's bosom heaved. 'I thought it 
was for the best,' shf answered, faltering. 

'The truth is best,' Hubert retorted. 'I would 
always know it.' 

'The truth is best?' Mrs Egremont echoed, with 
a faint tremc of the lips. 'Oh, Hubert, do you 
think so ? ' 

There was agony in her voice — doubt, terror, 
loriging. 

It was kind of you to try, I know,' Hubert went 


on, not perceiving it. * I see you wanted to shield 
me — oh, my God, from what ? I can't bear to think 
of it. From what I am in myself! From knowing 
the truth about my own inmost nature ! ' 

Mrs Egremont leant forward. ' Hubert, my dar- 
ling,' she broke out, 'for years I have borne this 
trouble in silence for your sake — and every other 
trouble. 1 have done all I could to hide it from 
you, till the world itself had almc irgotten his 
very existence.' 

Hubert rocked himself to and fro. 'But oh, the 
terrible awakening,' he cried, 'from the ideal I had 
formed in my heart of my lost, dead father 1 No, / 
did not form it ; you gave it to me, mother.* And 
he swayed himself moodily. 

Mrs Egremont's lips trembled as if she must answer 
something; but with an effort she suppressed it. 
' Oh, is the truth really best ? ' she cried at last. ' I 
wonder, I wonder. Is the truth really best ? Hubert • 
I dare not' 

Hubert gazed at her again. * You, my mother ! ' 
he cried. 'How could you ever bring yourself to 
marry such a man ? How could you so far dishonour 
your own fine nature? How could you consent to 
spend one day of your life with him ? * 

Mrs Egremont bowed her head. 'Hubert,* she 
cried, ' don't recall to me my shame ! Don't remind 
me once more of it ! Don't reproach me, my boy ! 
You will crush me if you speak of it.* 

' Reproach you ! ' Hubert answered, with bitterness. 
* If I reproach you, I reproach myself — I reproach 
that man whom I know to be my father.* 



Mrs Egremont wrung her hands. 'Consider how 
young I was,' she went on, in an evasive voice. 
• Only seventeen when I married ! My mother was 
determined to get me off her hands to somebody; 
and Colonel Egremont, who was a friend of hers, 
happened to be the first man to make me an offer. 
Ask Emilius about it all : he will tell you how it was. 
I was delivered over, an innocent girl, bound hand 
and foot, to that wretched creature.' 

* Mother, mother, if it were I, I would have cut my 
right hand off first ! * 

Mrs Egremont paused. ' But you never knew my 
mother, Hubert,' she answered slowly. 'She was a 
terrible woman, my mother. Hot and cold by turns 
— passionate and cruel. Everybody who came near 
her did as she told them. She ordered me to marry 
Colonel Egremont, and I obeyed her as implicitly as 
I would have obeyed her if she had ordered me to 
shut the nursery door. I was hardly out of the 
nursery, indeed, when she married me off to him. 
I'll tell you how it happened. I had been at school 
— here in Switzerland — so happy, so happy. I came 
back when I was seventeen, not having seen my 
mother's face for three whole years ; and, full of 
delight at finding myself at home again, I rushed 
into her drawing-room in Hans Place, and flung 
my arms round her, crying aloud, " Mother ! " She 
was sitting there, as it happened, with one of her 
admirers, a cabinet minister; she moved in that 
society, and was a very great lady : and she didn't 
like the interruption — for she was a handsome woman 
still, and couldn't bear to have a grown-up daughter 

I 



in the house with her. So she held me off, without 
kissing me, and said, in a freezing tone, " Your com- 
plexion's ruined ! You're not half as good-looking, 
child, as you were three years ago. Go upstairs, 
and take off your hat, and wash yourself after your 
journey — and then, perhaps, you'll be in a fit con- 
dition to come down and say how-do-you-do to Lord 
Winstanley." I slunk off, chilled. That same evening 
she said to me, in a very cold voice, " Julia, I must 
marry you. It shall be Colonel Egremont." I didn't 
like him, though I didn't know him, of course, as I 
know him now; and I said, "Oh, mother!" "Go 
to your room, miss," my mother said, " and don't dare 
to answer me back." And in three weeks* time, 
whether I wished it or not, she had me married to 
Colonel Egremont.' 

Hubert still rocked himself up and down. * It was 
a dishonour to yourself,' he said, 'and a wrong to 
me. Epilepsy, insanity, drunkenness, paralysis — how 
could you burden your son with such legacies as 
those, mother?' 

Mrs Egremont trembled. ' If you had known my 
mother, you would understand, Hubert,* she answered 
at last, with an effort. 

' And even if you once married him,* Hubert went 
on, 'how could you continue to live with him? 
And how could you bring children of your own into 
the world for him — half his, half yours — hereditary 
drunkards, hereditary madmen?' 

Mrs Egremont buried her face in her hands and 
burst into tears. 'Hubert, Hubert,' she cried, 'for 
heaven's sake, spare me ! ' 



Just at that moment there came a knock at the 
door. 'May I come in?' Sir Emilius asked, half 
opening it. 

Mrs Egremont raised her head. 'Yes, come in, 
dear,' she said hurriedly. She was glad of the 
interruption — glad of someone who would help her 
to bear the bi nt of Hubert's unutterable horror. 

' My boy,' the elder man said, coming forward and 
taking his hand, al. ost as if he had heard what they 
had both been saying — though in truth he only read 
it with his accustomed skill in their faces — 'don't 
reproach her with it; oh, don't! Surely she has 
suffered more than enough already.' 

*I know it,' Hubert cried, seizing her hand and 
smoothing it. 'Oh, dear mother, I know it.' Re- 
morse came over him. 

• He wasn't so bad at first as he became later,' 
Sir Emilius went on, in a softer voice than Hubert 
could have conceived of his using. 'She left him 
as soon as she could— left him by my advice and 
assistance. He did things — fortunately — which made 
it impossible for him to show his face in England 
again; broke the law, and rendered himself liable 
to serious punishment. Your mother very properly 
bought him off on an agreement never to come within 
two hundred miles of her. He has skulked for years, 
sometimes under his own name, sometimes under 
another, up and down on the Continent.' 

* But he went too late,' Hubert cried, in his misery. 
' And — Fede and I must suffer for it' 

'Not necessarily,' Sir Emilius put in. 'You are 
a strong and well-built fellow, Hubert. It's unusual, I 




admit, for such a man to be the father of a sound 
child ; but I've never seen one trace in you, at least, 
of the inherited temperament.' 

Hubert shook his head once more. ' No, no,* he 
said gloomily, 'it's no use your trying to comfort 
me, uncle. I know the truth too well. That man's 
children must be hopelessly mad before they're thirty.' 

* I dispute your prognosis,' Sir Emilius answered. 
He spoke with authority. * These cases are so elu- 
sive. The moral qualities lie on the surface of 
heredity. There isn't a sign in you of alcoholic 
tendency.' 

' But I know it all so deeply,' Hubert cried, lean- 
ing back, *as well as any doctor. The symptoms 
often remain latent till twenty-five or thirty, and 
then they come out suddenly. His children couldn't 
escape. I have seen with my eyes. He's too far 
gone in alcoholic mania to doubt it* 

* Hubert,' Sir Emilius said, looking hard at him, 
* in spite of all you say, my advice to you is to marry 
Fede.' 

Hubert moaned irom his place. *How can I 
burden Fede with such a future?' he cried in his 
despair. 

Mrs Egremont leant forward with a sudden burst 
of speech. * My darling,* she cried, * take my word 
for it still. You will not believe it, but your father 
had once many great and noble qualities.' 

Her brother stared at her. He knew that Julia 
had misled her son on this point for many years 
past, but he was hardly prepared for such a wildly 
improbable declaration at such a moment. 
 



' Then again, I can never break it to her,' Hubert 
went on, in utter dejection. * I can never make her 
feel how impossible it would be for me to dream of 
marrying her ! ' 

Sir Emilius meanwhile had felt his nephew's pulse. 
* My boy,* he said suddenly, * you are sinking from 
inanition. You have neither slept nor eaten. This 
mood, I see, is partly physical. You must have 
some breakfast at once.' He took a flask from his 
pocket and poured some liquid out of it into the cup 
at its base. 'Here, drink this,' he said, handing it 
to him; 'you need it sorely.' 

Hubert glanced at it for a second. It was brandy. 
The very smell of the vile liquor gave him at that 
moment a revulsion of disgust. He took the cup in 
his hands, and dashed it, brandy and all, to the other 
end of the room. ' Never I ' he cried. * Never 1 It 
is that hateful stuff that has brought all this upon 
us ! As long as I live, not one drop of it shall ever 
pass my lips again 1 ' He flung down the flask. ' If 
I can't escape the effects,' he said, in his frenzy of 
despair, ' at least I can avoid the cause of all this 
misery.' 

'That's your son, Julia,' Sir Emilius murmured 
below his breath. 'Not a trace of Walter Egre- 
mont ! ' 

Hubert rose and wrung his hands. ' Sophistry ! ' 
he answered. 'Sophistry! mere verbal sophistry. 
We can't escape the sins of our fathers so easily. 
Every man inherits one-half of his traits from 
either parent ; from that creature I inherit inevitable 
insanity.' 




Sir Emili'us answered, moving across 
' A seasonable tonic ! The precise 
was just about to prescribe for 



As he spoke, there came once more a gentle tap 
at the door. ' Can I come in ? ' a low voice asked 
pleadingly. 

' You can,' 
to the door, 
treatment I 
him!' 

He opened the door, and Fede entered, very pale, 
and with eyes red from crying. The Marchese would 
have considered her presence at that moment a most 
imprudent proceeding. 

She took his hand frankly. 'Dearest, she mur- 
mured, leaning forward and kissing him, ' I couldn't 
stop away. I was obliged to come. I have thought 
of you all night long. I knew how you must feel 
about that — that dreadful creature.* 

Hubert recoiled from her kiss. * Oh, don't, Fede,' 
he cried, as if he shrank from her purity. * I feel I 
am polluted — not fit for such as you. You must 
never again kiss me.' 

She drew back, astonished. 'Why not, my 
darling ? * 

* Because that man's my father. Because I am his 
son. Because I inherit from him a deadly taint. Be- 
cause I shall most likely be mad and paralysed before 
I'm thirty.' 

With a wild burst of emotion, Fede flung her arms 
round him. 'Hubert! Hubert!' she cried, 'what is 
all that to me, dearest ? I am a woman — no more- 
I love you — I love you 1 No matter what might 
happen to you, I still would marry you ! ' 

He tried to unwind her arms. A ghastly sense 



THE ENGLISH FOR FEDE 



135 



of his own inherited impurity came over him. * Fede,' 
he cried, ' you mustn't — not to that man's son ! What 
you say is quite right — quite right for you, dearest. 
A woman should take these things so ; I see that very 
well : no good woman could take them otherwise. 
But a man must be strong. A man must fight against 
it. A man must guard the woman he loves against 
herself and her womanly instincts. A man must 
know when and how to deny himself. He must re- 
fuse to marry the girl of his choice — if marriage 
would mean to her inevitable misery.' 

Fede clung to him passionately. * But it wouldn't, 
it wouldn't,' she cried. * I know you better than you 
know yourself, Hubert. My name is Fede, and Fede 
means faith. I have faith in you, darling. You're 
not that man's son — not in the sense you mean it. 
You're so good, so gentle, as well as so clever. I can 
trust you, Hubert — body and soul I can trust you.' 
He gave a gesture of dissent ; but she clung to him 
still, and cut him short with a wave of her hand. 
'My intuition tells me so,' she said, 'and I know I 
can rely upon it. My name against your doubts ! 
My faith against your fear I My heart against your 
brain I My instinct against your reason ! ' 

She tried to kiss him once more — tried to kiss him 
passionately. Hubert drew back witli a wild look of 
terror. He held out his hand as if to protect her 
against himself. ' No, darling, no ! ' he cried, * Not 
me — not me 1 You have kissed me for the last time I 
Never again, Fede — never 1 ' 

Fede dragged him down to her lips with a fierce 
burst of passion. 'Yes, you shall,* she exclaimed, 



clasping him hard. «You shall! You must, my 
darling ! ' And she drew him to her bosom. 

At that inopportune moment the door opened 
suddenly, and Colonel Egremont entered. 



He stood for some seconds just within the doorway, 
with his mock-military air, twirling his grizzled 
moustache, and surveying complacently the whole 
fam*'-' group whom he had thrown by his action 
int *s state of misery. The eyeglass, screwing up 
that Dloated face, made him more hideous than even 
he would have been by nature. Then he spoke very 
jauntily. ' Sorry to intrude, I'm sure,' he said, with 
a hateful grin, 'upon this domestic party, — and at 
suck a moment I But after all, we must remember, 
I'm the Head of the House — and' — spreading his 
hands pathetically — * what is Home without a 
Father?' 

He had evidently been drinking even more than 
usual, and his voice was thick; but he had still 
a strange air of affected bonhomie and a triumphant 
manner. 

Hubert sprang up with a fierce gesture. ' How 
dare you enter this room, sir?* he cried, moving 
forward. 

The Colonel advanced a step, blustering. * Upon 
my soul,' he said, bridling up, * pretty sort of treat- 
ment for a long-lost parent! My own flesh and 


blood to assault me in that fashion! Am I to be 
debarred from access to my wife's rooms, and 
violently attacked by my son on the threshold ? 
If I were not the best-natured old reprobate in the 
world, by George, sir, I tell you, I'd lose my temper.' 
He gave a little start, and took a long look through 
his eyeglass at Fede. 'What, a joy for ever?' he 
exclaimed, with one of his odious leers. * So this is 
your fiancé then, is it, Mr Hubert? Why, I've 
been hearing all about her downstairs from the 
head-waiter. Good morning, my dear ! Delighted, 
I'm sure, to make your acquaintance ! A deuced 
good-looking young woman she is too, Hubert. 
As pretty as they make 'em ! But the Egremonts 
were always famous for their taste in their choice 
of their womankind. I was a connoisseur myself in 
female beauty once. Look at your mother, my boy ; 
devilish fine girl she was when she was a girl ; and 
devilish handsome woman she is to this day, at 
forty odd — devilish handsome v/oman, though a 
trifle haughty ! ' 

' Sir,' Hubert cried, unable to endure it, and plac- 
ing himself full in front of the creature, with one fist 
raised warningly. 

'Hot-tempered, isn't he, my dear?' the Colonel 
continued, with a nod to Fede. ' Can't restrain his 
emotions. But, children, you should never let — fie, 
fie, Mr Hubert ! Allow me to introduce myself, my 
dear, as your prospective papa-in-law. We're to be 
relations, you know. My name is Walter Egremont ; 
my address — Europe.' He moved suddenly forward, 
with a curious lurch, as if to kiss her. 




Fede shrank back in terror. * Oh, Hubert, don't 
let him come near me ! ' she cried, retreating, witli a 
face of fierce repugnance. 

Hubert caught the man in his arms and flung him 
bodily back. ' Stand off, sir ! ' he cried, growing red 
in the face. ' How dare you ? ' 

Sir Emilius laid one hand on the intruder's 
shoulder. 'Now, restrain yourself, Walter,' he said. 
' This is not a pot-house. Leave the room instantly, 
if you know what's good for you. I will talk 
matters over with you in the garden quietly.' For 
he was used to the insane, and he saw at a glance 
that the Colonel's mood was not far off from alcoholic 
insanity. 

As for Colonel Egremont, he drew back a pace, 
reeling slightly as he did so, not so much from 
drink as from his nervous affection, and scanned 
Fede and Hubert up and down solemnly. *A 
pretty pair,' he mused aloud, in a judicial tone. 
' A very pretty pair 1 Upon my soul, I'm proud of 
them. Julia, my dear, this son of mine's a handsome, 
well-grown, up-standing young Egremont. The 
very model of the race ! I always dz'd believe in the 
doctrine of heredity ! * 

* Then how dare you become the father of a son ? ' 
Hubert burst out bitterly. ' How dare you repro- 
duce your own vile image?* 

The Colonel measured him up and down with 
his eye, and smiled. 'That's pretty straight, that 
is ! ' he answered slowly, as if trying to take it in. 
' One in the eye for me I Pretty hot and strong ! 
Prepare to receive cavalry! Julia, you haven't 


brought your boy up to respect his parents. Train 
up a child in the way he should go— you know Mr 
Solomon. Signorina Marchesa, do you allow this 
young fellow to speak in such very unparliamentary 
terms of your future father?' 

He took a step towards her again. Hubert darted 
upon him wildly. 'Leave this room, sir,' he cried, 
lifting the Colonel bodily and carrying him to the 
door. 'You're not fit to remain under the same 
roof with my mother and this lady. Though you 
were fifty times my father, if you speak like that, 
by God, sir, you shall answer for it' 

The Colonel, however, was still imperturbable. 
* Go on, young man,' he cried, in a half-angry, half- 
mocking voice ; ' go on ! Pray don't be shy. Don't 
mind my feelings — a father's feelings! Say just 
what you please I Curse me to slow music ! ' 

He half turned the door handle. Hubert and 
Sir Emilius followed him up menacingly. At the 
same moment, the door burst open suddenly, and 
the Marchese entered with a look of amaze- 
ment. 

' Why, what is this ? ' he inquired, looking about 
him, and taking it in. 'Are we to explain in this 
way your unaccountable conduct, Mr Egremont? 
What is this man doing here ? I suppose he's the 
person you spoke about, Fede?' 

The Colonel took advantage of the unexpected 
diversion to return to the room. ' Yes,' he answered, 
with slow maliciousness, delighted to display himself 
to the utmost disadvantage before Fede's father. 
'Every family of distinction has a skeleton in its 



cupboard, — and ' — he adjusted his eyeglass — 'I am the 
skeleton ! ' 

The Marchese surveyed him with profound con- 
tempt from head to foot, and then held out one 
hand to keep him at a respectful distance. *Well, 
and a precious ugly specimen too,' he answered, 
deliberately. 

* Runs through the family,' the Colonel murmured, 
glancing with amusement from the Marchese to 
Fede. *If this is Italian politeness — give me the 
refined and courteous London costermonger.' 

The Marchese turned to Sir Emilius. * If I judge 
rightly,' he said, in his coldest voice, *when I 
arrived you were just engaged in ejecting this — 
person ? ' 

* We were,' Sir Emilius answered frankly. 
'Then why does he come back?' the Marchese 

demanded, in a rather acrid tone. 

Colonel Egremont bristled up. 'Take care, sir,' 
he cried, blustering, 'how you venture to touch a 
British soldier!' 

The Marchese took his measure with a rapid 
glance. ' Oh, if you elevate it to the dignity of an 
international contest,' he answered deliberately, 
' though Switzerland is neutral territory — well, 
evviva I' Italia ! ' And with a sudden and dexterous 
advance, he seized the intruder in his powerful arms 
— for he was a very strong man — lifted him clean 
off the floor, and bundled him out unceremoniously. 

Sir Emilius, with the coolness of a doctor in 
trying circumstances, turned the key in the door 
the moment the Colonel was safely outside it. 


The Marchese addressed himself to Hubert, evi- 
dently ruffled. *I hope, Mr Egremont,* he said, 
'this awkward little episode may be made satis- 
factorily to account for your extraordinary absence 
at so critical a moment My daughter has told me 
something of this creature. A most loathsome 
object! He lays some preposterous claim to being 
your father, doesn't he? A madman, no doubt. 
But why should his conduct have driven you to 
absent yourself with such marked discourtesy at 
such a juncture?' 

Sir Emilius glanced at Hubert imploringly. But 
Hubert was true to his principle of fidelity to the 
truth. 'I musi tell him, uncle,' he said, with a 
piteous shake of his head. *I can*i deny it! — 
Marchese, the man says what is simply true. He ts 
my father!' 

The Marchese smiled benignly. The avowal 
seemed rather to please him than otherwise. *Oh, 
of course,' he answered, appeased, ' if he has hap- 
pened to turn up at an inconvenient moment and 
upset your arrangements, I can easily understand 
there may be some reason for your singular conduct. 
I gather that a certain degree of coldness seems to 
reign within the family.' 

* Let me explain,' Sir Emilius said blandly, fearing 
that Hubert might make things worse in his present 
mood of despair. ' This man, I regret to say, is really 
Mrs Egremont's husband. But I must also admit 
he is a rake and a drunkard. His financial transac- 
tions have also been — well, let us put it, imaginative. 
To say it in brief, he has disgraced the family. My 

sister is compelled to live alone, and to pension him 
off, on condition that he never comes nearer England 
than Nice or Lugano. As he generally lives under 
an assumed name, and has had nothing to do for 
years with my nephew, we didn't feel bound to 
mention his existence heretofore to Hubert, who 
thought till now that his father was dead, and has 
only just learnt accidentally of his survival.' 

The Marchese smiled a cynical smile. * Don't 
apologise for that,' he answered. ' It does not 
concern me. It is Mr Hubert's absence that calls 
for an explanation, which will, no doubt, be forth- 
coming. For my own part, I don't like too much 
unity in a family circle. It's entirely bourgeois — 
shows the relations have never had any Property 
worth speaking of to quarrel over. From what you 
told me, I gather Mrs Egremont has, by English 
law, sole control of her own estate, and that this 
superfluous husband possesses no legal claim of any 
sort upon her.' 

• That is so,' Sir Emilius answered. * He lives 
upon her bounty.' 

* Then,' the Marchese went on, with an air of relief, 
*we may treat this unprepossessing gentleman as a 
mere cypher.* 

Fede broke out in a sudden cry. ' But, papa,' she 
said, sobbing, ' Hubert doesn't see things like that at 
all. He thinks he's bound not to marry me if this 
man's his father.' 

The Marchese turned round with a bewildered air. 
' Thinks he's bound not to marry you ? ' he repeated. 
' Not to marry a Tornabuoni ! Why, why, Mr 





Egremont? I ask you, yes or no? Has this man 
any claim on your mother's Property?' 

*On her property?' Hubert answered. 'Not the 
least in the world, so far as I am aware.' The point 
of view puzzled him. 

'The estate is absolutely settled on my sister,' 
Sir Emilius put in ; * with remainder to Hubert, as 
I have already explained to you.' 

'Then where does the difficulty come in?' the 
Marchese continued, looking puzzled. ' Why shouldn't 
you marry her?' 

'You don't understand,' Hubert cried. 'With a 
father such as that, how can I ? How dare I ? I am 
doomed beforehand to hopeless madness.' 

The Marchese almost laughed. 'What, a fine 
young fellow like you,' he cried, ' with the limbs of a 
mountaineer and the chest of a Bersagliere ! Senti- 
mental nonsense!' 

'You can't see it, I suppose,' Hubert murmured, 
'with the eye of a physiologist' 

The Marchese was severe. ' No, but I can see it 
with the eye of a gentleman and a man of honour,* 
he answered, growing hot. ' I understand what you 
mean now. You mean to act like a cad to my 
daughter.' 

Sir Emilius detected quickened action of the heart 
in the swollen veins of the Marchese's forehead. He 
interposed as composer of the rising storm. ' Wait 
a moment,' he said, with his bland medical manner. 
' Marchese, you and I will talk things over together a 
little. Julia, my dear, leave us — and you, too, Mar- 
chesa. Hubert, take your mother out into the 

garden awhile, and then come back to us. We 
must arrange this thing gradually. It's entirely a 
question of the point of view. Your points of view 
are different. I sympathise with both — and I will 
try to harmonise them.* 

The Marchese bowed stiffly. 'As you will, sig- 
nore,' he answered, with cold politeness. 'But this 
marriage is arranged now, and cannot be put off. I 
allow no going back upon the claims of my daughter.' 

Sir Emilius bowed in return, and motioned Mrs 
Egremont and Fede to leave the room. Hubert 
went with them. 

* Well ? ' the Marchese said coldly, looking across 
at his opponent. 

* Well,' Sir Emilius began, * Marchese, my nephew 
is deeply in love with your daughter.* 

* Sir ! * the Italian exclaimed. 

*I mean,* Sir Emilius corrected, perceiving his 
error, ' Hubert's affections are deeply engaged to her. 
It is through no lack of will that he has doubts about 
his marriage.* 

* I don't understand,* the Marchese replied, in his 
chilliest voice. *If he is not going to marry my 
daughter, how dare he tell me he has feelings of 
affection for her ? In Italy, Sir Enr.ilius, we cannot 
permit such avowals. Either the young man meant
marriage, or else — * his hand sought an imaginary 
sword — ' we settle these questions in that way.* 

Sir Emilius tried another tack. * Let me explain 
to you my nephew's idea,' he said, still bland as 
ever. * He has — er — the profoundest admiration and 
respect for your daughter, Maiwhese. He desires to 

many her. But the sudden discovery of his father's 
degradation — for I will admit that Colonel Egremont 
is really a drunken and degraded creature — has given 
him such a shock that he has momentary qualms 
which his common sense will soon no doubt enable 
him to get over. He is a physiologist, you must 
recollect ; too much a physiologist ; and he fancies he 
must inherit his father's physical taint. Indeed, as a 
medical man, I am bound to admit that the chances 
in favour of any person who comes from a family so 
deeply tainted are usually — infinitesimal. Though in 
Hubert's case I have good hopes that his mother's 
fine physique — but I see you are impatient.* 

*I am,' the Marchese admitted, fuming visibly. 
'What has all this got to do wiih your nephew's 
arrangement to marry my daughter? It is for her 
to consider whether she will take the '-isk — which, 
frankly, to me seems, as you say, infinitesimal.* 

' I — I meant the other way,* Sir Emilius corrected, 
taken aback. 

The Marchese pursed his lips. * Not at all,* he 
answered. His tone was acid. ' The matter stands 
thus. Mr Egremont has formally proposed for my 
daughter. I have accepted his offer. He now wants 
to back out, apparently — on a most frivolous pretext. 
As a man of honour, I cannot permit it* 

* He will not back out, I am sure,' Sir Emilius re- 
sponded diplomatically. 'Thrt is to say, when he 
recovers mental balance.* 

' Not wfth impunity, certainly,* the Marchese 
answered stiffly. His hand moved once more to- 
wards his hip with a nervous movement. 

* He is a fine healthy young fellow,' Sir Emilius 
went on, * with excellent principles.' 

The Marchese snapped his fingers. ' My dear sir,' 
he answered, 'you are altogether too English. We 
talk at cross purposes. What on earth do I care 
about your nephew's principles? What do I care 
about his heredity, if that's the right word for it? 
Heredity's all very well in its way, when you know 
the facts. But you never know them. Isn't mar- 
riage expressly invented to conceal them ? It puts 
a premium on denial of paternity. Haven't you 
English an unusually sensible proverb about it's 
being a wise child who knows his own father?' 

It was Sir Emilius's turn now to be shocked and 
insulted. * My dear sir,' he exclaimed, bristling up, 
'remember! my sister!' Nothing but the fact that 
the Marchese was only a foreigner could have 
restrained him from deeply resenting the im- 
putation. 

* Ah, yes,' the Marchese interjected. * I forgot ! In 
England, of course ! You English are so impeccable. 
You have no romance, no love, no affection. These 
things don't happen, ches vous. Whereas we other 
Italians, you see — * 

* Oh, with Italiansl Sir Emilius answered drily, 
drawing himself up, * that's quite another matte--. But 
north of the Alps, Marchese — ' 

'True, true,' the Marchese mused. 'And yet — 
there was your friend the poet. He caught the 
subtle aroma of life as it passed. And ke was an 
Englishman. No, no, an American. Yet English 
and Americans are alike in that. But then I sup- 
pose poets don't count. They have no nationality — 
just the poetic temperament' 

'He was the austerest and purest of men,' Sir 
Emilius said, too surprised to be angry. ' Have you 
read his Gwendoline ? What could be severer ? ' 

' His poetry ? Ah, yes. Most ascetic, no doubt. 
But his life — ah, there ! I knew him well. Sir 
Emilius. He longed to be a saint — but he loved to 
be a sinner.' 

' Well, Hubert, I believe, will get over this mood,' 
the Englishman went on, reverting to the matter in 
hand. * It is a natural revulsion.' 

* He must get over it,' the Florentine answered, 
*or take the consequences. And you know what 
those are ! Ah, here he comes to answer for it.* 

As he spoke, Hubert entered, still as dejected and 
despondent as ever. Sir Emilius tried to prompt 
him. * I have been explaining to the Marchese,' he 
said, in his most persuasive tone, 'that you are 
momentarily taken aback by this unfortunate epi- 
sode ; but that, after you have had time for reflection 
and consideration — ' 

Hubert shook his head firmly. 'No, no,* he 
answered. ' Let us be clear about this. If I am 
that man's son — I will never, never marry Fede.* 

* You won't ? ' the Marchese cried, stepping closer. 

* For her own sake, no,' Hubert answered firmly — 
* and for her possible children.' 

The Marchese's face grew red. 'My dear sir,' he 
said, 'this is absurd, quixotic! You don't know 
what you're talking about. The marriage is 
arranged, and must come off now. I believed I was 






dealing with persons of honour. I have telegraphed 
the facts to all the Florentine journals, as well as to 
my family, and have received in return the con- 
gratulations of the Sindaco. By this time, my 
daughter's engagement is the common talk of the 
Cascine. To break it off at such a stage would be, you 
must understand — as we Italians think — a direct im- 
pugnment of my daughter's honour. Nobody would 
suppose you could go back upon your word now, 
except on grounds — which I decline to specify.' His 
face grew redder still. ' You can't play fast and loose 
in that way,' he added, ' with a Tornabuoni.* 

' But for Fede's own happiness, Marchese ' — Hubert 
began. 

' How dare you, sir ? ' the Marchese cried, turning 
upon him. * How dare you speak of the Marchesa, 
my daughter, as Fede to my face, in the very same 
breath in which you tell me you do not mean to 
marry her ? Break it off? Not at all ! The thing's 
simply impossible ! What is her happiness, I'd like 
to know, to the honour of the family ? Here on the 
Continent we have our ideas of honour. We treat 
our marriages as binding contracts. You shall not 
put a public slight upon my daughter's reputation. 
We meet a public slight — you know our way — by 
referring the matter to the sword or the pistol. If 
you persist in this course — this most absurd course — 
I must ask you the name of some friend who will act 
for you.' 

Sir Emilius tried once more to throw the oil of 
pacification upon the troubled waters. 'Let this 
wear itself out, signore,' he murmured, touching 


the Italian's arm. 'Hubert in his present con- 
dition — ' 

* I don't care a damn for his present condition ! ' 
the Marchese answered angrily, with idiomatic vigour. 
' It won't do ; I can't even discuss the subject. As a 
Tornabuoni, I am the guardian of my daughter's 
honour. No man shall insult her, while I live, and 
go unpunished. Your friend's name, sir ; your friend's 
name ! This has gone beyond mere talking ! ' 

Sir Emilius made one more unavailing effort. ' It 
is for the Marchesa's own sake,' he said gently, * that 
my iiephew desired to break off the marriage. I 
think he desires it on mistaken grounds. He is too 
acutely apprehensive.' 

' No, uncle,' Hubert answered, growing more fixed 
each minute. ' It is a matter of principle. I will not 
depart from the stand I have taken. My mother had 
no right to marry my father. Fede has no right to 
marry me. Though she beg and implore me, I refuse 
to put this grave wrong upon her.' 

The Marchese raised his voice. * Then you must 
take the consequences,* he answered haughtily. ' Give 
me the name of your friend — or I run you through, 
wherever I meet you, for your insult to my daughter.' 

' Papa I papa 1 ' Fede cried, rushing in and seizing 
his hand. The loud tones had reached her. *0h, 
Sir Emilius, separate them ! ' 

Mrs Egremont followed the tremulous girl into the 
room. Her face was white as death, but terribly 
resolute. ' Hubert, darling,' she said slowly, standing 
between the two men, 'wait! Don't quarrel with 
Fede s father ! Marchese, I implore you, allow me to 



THE POINT OF VIEW 



151 



talk with my boy a little. I think I can persuade 
him. This may be arranged even now.' She spoke 
with resolution, but with deadly earnestness. 

The Marchese looked down at her with icy polite- 
ness. ' Certainly, dear lady,' he answered, with Italian 
courtesy. ' Your sex can do much. Perhaps it may 
even assist you to persuade this headstrong young 
fanatic' FU paused for a second and mused. ' You 
more than anyone else,* he added, after a second's 
thought. ' The entanglement is, perhaps, not quite so 
impossible as the signore fancies.' 

Mrs Egremont waved Sir Emilius with one hand 
from the room. The Marchese bowed, and accom- 
panied him. Fede clung to her new friend. ' Must 
/ go too?' lAh. asked pleadingly. 

Mrs Egremont stooped down and kissed her ten- 
derly. ' Yes, dear, you must go,' she said, in a very 
gentle voice, yet tremulous with courage. * It is for 
your own sake, Fede. Wait for us in my bedroom 
I will call you when I want you.' 

'But nothing you can say will alter me, mother,' 
Hubert added, in a tone of abject despair. ' I have 
made up my mind. That person's son can never 
marry.* 

Fede cast a glance at him as she left the room. 
* Marry me or not, darling,' she cried, * I am yours for 
ever. I shall be true to my name. My faith shall 
be faithful.' 




CHAPTER XIII 

A GREAT CONFESSION 

Mrs Egremont flung herself in despair on the sofa. 
She trembled violently, and her lips quivered; but 
her air was resolute. Hubert seated himself by her 
side, his hands folded despondently. 

* My boy,' the mother said softly at last, ' I have 
something to tell you — something I hoped never to 
breathe while I lived — though after I was dead I 
always meant that you should know it. I had written 
it down in my desk to tell you. But you compel me 
to speak now. I can't help it any longer. I can't 
delay it' 

* Go on, mother,' Hubert said gloomily, taking her 
hand in his. * I am strong enough — and crushed 
enough — to bear anything now. Nothing on earth 
matters to me.' 

* This will matter to you,* Mrs Egremont said, in a 
very grave voice. ' Oh, where can I begin ? ' She 
cast about for an opening. ' Hubert, help me, my 
boy. Can't you guess? Can't you spare me? Some- 
thing that will enable you to marry Fede.' 

Hubert looked at her, dull as a leaden sky. The 
English boy's implicit belief and faith in his mother 
prevented him for one moment from guessing the fact 
she was trying to tell him. 


' Impossible I * he said. * Impossible 1 I will not 
and cannot.' 

The mother braced herself up for a painful eflfort 
• Listen, Hubert,' she said, speaking low. * I was 
married at seventeen, as I told you this morning. 
What did I know of life then ? I have explained to 
you hoWy and you have seen with your eyes to what 
sort of person. Married to a man I could not pos- 
sibly love — a man I soon learned to hate and despise 
as much as I loathed him.' 

'You might have been married to him,' Hubert 
answered slowly, ' but why did you consent to go on 
living with him ? Every woman is the guardian of 
her own purity. To live with a man she loathes is a 
dishonour and degradation to her own body.' 

* So he told me,' Mrs Egremont whispered. But 
Hubert was deaf. He could not understand her. 

' Why did you live with him ? ' he went on, more in 
wonder than reproach. ' Why did you let him remain 
with you ? ' 

' I did not — for one moment longer than I could 
help,' Mrs Egremont answered, whispering low. * I 
bought him off, and sent him away, as soon as I was 
able.' 

* A year too late,' Hubert answered. * And / am 
here to prove it.' 

Mrs Egremont clasped her hands. * No, darling, 
no,' she cried. ' Bear with me, Hubert. I must tell 
it my own way, if I'm to tell it at all. Oh, how can 
I ever tell it ? I lived with him, and hated him ; but, 
thank God! I was childless. That alone consoled 
me. Four years after my marriage I went with him 



to Venice. I had no baby yet, then, and prayed, oh, 
how fervently, I might never have one. To bear a 
child for Mm, I felt, would have been cruel — no, 
criminal.' She paused, and looked hard at her son. 
' At Venice — * she went on, then broke off suddenly ; 
do you begin to understand, Hubert ? ' 

The young man nestled close to her. * Go on,* he 
cried. * Go on ! I begin to suspect. You give me 
fresh hope, mother.' 

* At Venice,' the mother continued, hiding her face 
in her hands, ' I met a Man — a very great Man — the 
greatest I ever knew — who fascinated me deeply. I 
admired and respected him. Hubert, Hubert, need 
I say any more to you ? * 

Hubert leaned eagerly forward. *Ycs, yes,' he 
cried. * Go on ! I must know it all — all ! Tell me 
everything, mother I * 

'You said you wished the truth,' Mrs Egremont 
moaned faintly. 

* I wish the truth,' Hubert answered. ' By that we 
live. Go on, go on ! I know it was well, mother ! ' 

*He loved me,' the trembling woman went on. 
' He loved me, and he told me so. I loved him, and 
I denied it. I thought it was wrong to love; I 
thought it was right to conceal the truth. But he 
found it out in spite of me. " We needs must love 
the highest when we see it," he used to say, and — I 
loved him with all the purest love of my nature. 
Two things I longed for — sympathy, and a child. 
He gave me sympathy, and he told me maternity was 
a sacred right and duty of womanhood.' 

* He said the truth,' Hubert cried, drawing closer 



and closer to the trembling mother. 'Till she has 
borne a child, no woman has realised her own whole 
nature.' 

'He was beautiful and noble-hearted,* Mrs Egre- 
mont went on— ' . leader among men ; a teacher and 
thinker ; and there, in those glorious streets, among 
those glorious churches, he taught me new lessons — 
oh, Hubert, dare I say them ? He taught me it was 
wrong for me to remain one day longer under the 
same roof with the husband whom I loathed — told 
me in almost the self-same words as those you used 
to-day, that in yielding myself up to a man I de- 
spised, I profaned and dishonoured my own body.* 

' Dear mother,* the son said, ' go on ! I know all 
now; but tell it me; tell it me!* His voice was eager. 



Mis Egremont hid her head, overcome with 
womanly shame. ' He told me,* she whispered, ' I 
ought to trust my own heart, and defy conventions. 
He said the bond that bound me to that man was 
cruel and unholy. He spoke so earnestly, he loved 
me so purely, that, bit by bit, he overcame my 
scruples. I could not conceal it from myself or 
from him. I loved him to distraction.' 

Hubert smoothed her hand with a gentle pressure, 
but answered nothing. 

'One evening at Venice,' the mother continued, 
' he pressed me close to his heart — his great beautiful 
heart — oh, close, so close ; and he cried aloud to me, 
in a sense I had never before realised, those beautiful 
words, " Whom God hath joined together, let not man 
put asunder." The voice of God within us had joined 



us, he said ; man's laws and conventions should not 
avail to sever us.* 

'I know that voice, too,' Hubert cried, leaning 
forward. ' I know those very thoughts. They are 
mine, mother, mine! I see the truth now. He 
must have been my father — that pure great soul, 
not the wretched drunkard. I recognise his spirit! 
Am I his son, dear mother?' 

He said it caressingly. He said it eagerly. He 
said it as one asks some supreme favour. Mrs 
Egremont bowed her head, and dared not look him 
in the face as her lips ' answered low, * How shall I 
tell you the truth? You are his son, Hubert!' 

'And his name?' Hubert cried, pressing forward 
breathlessly. 

' I can't say it aloud,' the mother replied, still 
trembling with anxiety; 'but — stoop down here — 
closer — at your ear — I will whisper it.' 

She whispered one word in his ear. Hubert 
started, amazed. It was indeed a great name. 
' What, the poet ? * he cried, gasping. 

His mother hung her head with a gesture of 
deprecation. 'Yes, the poet,' she answered. 

In a revulsion of pride and joy, Hubert clasped 
her in his arms, and kissed her many times ecstati- 
cally. 'Thank you, mother,' he said simply. 
' Thank you ! Thank you I ' 

' Oh, hush, Hubert,' the mother interposed. 'Sup- 
pose anyone were to hear! Don't thank me for 
that f It was a sin, they say, a very great sin — 
and bitterly am I expiating it' 

* It was a splendid sin,' Hubert cried, clinging 



A GREAT CONFESSION 



157 



fondly to her hand, 'and from my heart I thank 
you for it. Such sins are purer far than half this 
world's purity. It is love — and natural fitness — not 
the word of a priest or a law, that sanctifies. And 
the result shows it. To be that great soul's son — 
not the loathsome drunkard's ! ' 

'My darling,' Mrs Egremont cried, now weeping 
bitterly with the reaction from that moment of effort, 
' you frighten me when you say so. You don't know 
what pangs and remorses it has given me.' 

' It need have given you none,' Hubert exclaimed. 
* It gave you them only because you but half under- 
stood him. Your heart told you true. Your poet 
was right. He knew what was best. You have 
given me a noble and a glorious father 1* 

The mother clung to him still. ' Oh, Hubert,' she 
cried, *if you say so, my boy, I am justified. He 
wanted to raise up a son like himself, he said. He 
wanted to raise him up by the woman meant for 
him. He told me we two were meant by nature 
for one another. But I doubted it still. You can't 
think what a relief it is to me now to have told you.' 

* I trust the truth,* Hubert answered slowly. * It 
is all so new and strange; but' — and he paused — 
'this, th's is the father I had always dreamed of.' 

' And I told you the truth,' Mrs Egremont added 
wistfully. *I told you the truth, as far as I could 
tell it. Far more than you thought. I told you he 
was dead. I told you he was indeed a father to be 
proud of. I told you he had many great and splendid 
qualities. I told you half: but I could never tell 
you how great and pure he was — my love, my poet I' 

' Does my uncle know ? ' Hubert ventured, after a 
moment's pause. 

'Not a soul on earth but myself! I have hidden 
it in my heart — deep, deep, unspoken — ever since 
that white soul died ten years ago in Florence. But 
— I loved him — I loved him — oh, Hubert, how I 
loved him 1' 

She raised her head and looked her son in the face 
now. The knowledge of his approval had taken all 
sense of false shame away from her. It was his 
father's face. More than ever, she saw it so. 

'And that man — your husband?' Hubert asked. 
'The man to whom you were nobly unfaithful. 
Did he know what had happened ? ' 

' He never even suspected it,' Mrs Egremont 
answered. ' He was far too drunk to know or to 
trouble himself about anything that happened. I 
left him at once as soon as — as soon as I was sure 
what was going to happen to me ; as soon as I felt 
a new life within me. And you are the son of that 
moment of profoundest passion ! ' 

She said it confidently now ; she said it almost 
proudly. She saw, she felt the father in the son. 
She no longer shrank from him. ' Then all is easy 
now,' Hubert cried. * I can marry Fede.' 

His mother flung her arms round him in a trans- 
port of joy. ' I thank heaven I have had the courage 
to tell you,* she whispered. 'You can marry Fede. 
I would never have dared to tell '!*■, though, my 
darling, if I had not overheard wha' you said the 
other night in this very room to your uncle. I have 
thought so often since of those glorious words you 


quoted from Meredith — "The real sin would have 
been if she and I had met, and — " They comforted 
me deeply. So too did your own comment : 
" There are positive duties in life as well as negative. 
If it is a duty to abstain from peopling the world 
with the unfit, is it not equally a duty to do what 
we can towards peopling it with the fittest ? " * And 
she looked at him proudly. 

There was another long pause. Each gazed on 
each with profound earnestness. * And you forgive 
me?' the mother asked at last, with a momentary 
shrinking. 

'Forgive you? Dear mother, I have nothing to 
forgive ! I have everything to thank you for. You 
took care to ensure me a splendid birthright. One 
thing alone I regret.* He gazed at her wistfully. 
* I shall have to bear that wretched creature's name 
through life,' he said — 'instead of the one I am 
rightfully entitled to.' 

'You will,* his mother said — 'for my sake. . . . 
And for yours, I regret it.' 

'So do I,' Hubert answered. 'But I will bear it 
still, for your sake alone — not for fear of the base 
lies that enslave and unman us.* 

They leaned back and were silent. A whiff of 
tobacco smoke broke suddenly upon their reverie. 
Mother and son looked up with one accord. Again 
that unspeakably hateful apparition ! Colonel Egre- 
mont was standing on the balcony by the open 
window, with arms akimbo, regarding them cynically. 



CHAPTER XIV 

COLONEL EGREMONT SEES HIS WAY 

He had a cigar in his mouth, but he withdrew it 
jauntily. 

* Forgive this persistence,' he said, smiling. ' Family 
feeling ! Family feeling ! Restitution of conjugal 
rights is all I ask for. And — I've ventured to take it. 
When you locked me out of the door, my dear 
Julia, with such unnatural cruelty — you forgot it 
was easy for me to come in by the window.* 

Mrs Egremont seized her son's arm. * Oh, 
Hubert,' she cried, low, * did he hear, do you think ? 
Did he hear us?* 

* I don't fancy he did,' Hubert answered, whispering. 
'And if he did, I don't care. He is a drunken 
lunatic, or next door to it. Nobody would pay the 
slightest heed to his chatter.' He turned to the 
wretched creature. ' Leave the room, sir,' he said, 
pointing to the window by which the man had 
entered, 'or take your choice of being thrown out. 
I will permit no insolence.' 

Colonel Egremont advanced a step. 'Take care, 

young man,' he cried. 'You touch me at your 

peril ! ' 

Hubert was just about to seize him, when Mrs. 


Egremont intervened with an imploring look. 'For 
my sake, Hubert, let him stop! We can answer 
him now. We understand one another, my boy — 
you and I — and we have nothing more to fear from 
him.' 

The Colonel stepped forward, looking about him 
gingerly. * That Italian brigand's gone ? ' he said, 
peering round the chairs as if in doubt. ' Yes ? 
Then here we are, en famillel We can proceed to 
business ! ' 

Hubert shuddered at his breath. ' He's drunk, 
mother,' he said low. ' He reeks of brandy.' 

' Well, yes,* the Colonel replied, drawing himself 
up with dignity, and squinting through his eyeglass, 
' I do my duty in the matter of brandy. I flatter 
myself, I am the chief support of that vast industry.' 

Then for the first time it began to dawn upon 
Hubert that the man's bravado was an initial stage 
in the form of madness known as megalomania, 
where the lunatic, at first humorously, but afterwards 
seriously, exaggerates to a gross and ludicrous extent 
the importance of all his own pettiest actions. 

Mrs Egremont laid her hand on her son's arm 
gently. ' Don't bandy words with him, Hubert,' 
she whispered. 'Hear him out, and have done 
with him.* 

* Exactly my own idea,' the Colonel answered 
blandly. 'Most excellent advice. Short and sweet 
just suits me. I come to the point. I'm here 
without funds; not a sou, not a rap, not a doit, 
not a stiver. I'm uncertain, I admit, as to the 
precise nature and value of the common stiver; but 




I'm sure I haven't got one. So what I want to 
know is simply this, Julia. Are you or are you 
not going to find that two hundred pounds for me, 
and to increase the miserable pittance you allow 
me to a thoi.jand a year ? ' He assumed once 
more his mock-pathetic air. * Must I ask you twice 
about it ? ' 

The touch of humour about the man, the comic- 
ality of his appeals, the very cleverness of his talk, 
increased his loathsomeness. He would have been 
a trifle less repulsive were it not for his good-humour. 
His horrid unconsciousness of his own utter degrada- 
tion made Hubert recoil from him. ' Don't answer 
him, mother,' the young man said, appealing to 
her. *On what ground does he ask for it? Why 
should he not earn his own bread like other people ? ' 

' God bless my soul,' Colonel Egremont cried, 
* what else did I marry her for ? Is she to gain the 
privilege of having me as her husband, and bearing 
the honoured name of Egremont — one of the best 
in Lancashire — all for nothing ? No, no, young fellow, 
I shall have my rights, I tell you. She had a tidy 
little fortune of her own when I married her.' 

* Most of which you've long ago squandered,' Mrs 
Egremont said, interposing. 

The Colonel poised himself blandly. * Well, I've 
done my best, I acknowledge,' he said, ' to prevent 
you from wasting it on your own selfish pleasures. 
I've used it royally. Did you ever know me pander 
for a moment to the better elements of my nature, 
Julia? Still, we shared and shared alike in both 
our fortunes ; so thafs all even. With all my worldly 





goods I thee endowed — fourteen pence in the pound 
to compound with my creditors — and you made up 
the deficit.' 

'Promise him anything, Hubert,' Mrs Egremont 
cried, with a sudden rush of disgust; 'only, get 
rid of him instantly.' 

* I will promise him nothing, mother,' Hubert 
answered sternly, 'and I earnestly hope you will 
not either. — Leave the room, sir, this moment, or 
I shall ring for the servants of the hotel to remove 
you.* 

The Colonel struck a mock-tragic attitude. ' Then 
your sentence is for open war ? ' he said rhetorically. 

' My sentence is for open war,' Hubert answered, 
with a contemptuous dash of the hand. ' I have 
nothing to do with you. You may try your worst. 
Anything rather than continue to disgrace my 
mother's rooms with your disgusting presence.' 

' That's pretty hot,' the Colonel ejaculated, wiping 
his brow with the back of his hand, and gazing 
round the room for some imaginary spectator. 
' Well, war let it be, then ; I'm an old campaigner. 
But I won't begin operations without all due for- 
malities. If we must be belligerents, I give you 
due notice, I mean henceforth to act upon the 
offensive. No more skulking about upon the Conti- 
nent for me ! I shall carry the war into the enemy's 
country. When next we meet, we meet at Mil worth ! ' 

' I accept your challenge,' Hubert answered. ' I 
am not afraid of you.' 

The Colonel advanced yet a step. * And mind 
you, Julia,' he said, 'when I come to Milworth, I 




come to stay. I shall institute an action for Resti- 
tution of Conjugal Rights. By George, I mean it. 
You shall receive me again as your lawful husband.* 

' You dare not show your face in England,' Mrs 
Egremont cried, flushing. ' You know you dare not ! 
That bill of exchange — and those cheques of General 
Walker's I ' 

The Colonel smiled calmly. 'Blown over!' he 
said, with a wave of one hand. ' Blown over, long 
ago! I'm game to try, anyhow. There was only 
one man left alive in England whose evidence against 
me would have been worth twopence — that's Walker ; 
and it may interest you to know that I saw his death 
in the Times at Lugano.* 

He played that trump card with an insolent smile. 
He had come there, in fact, in large part to play it. 
Mrs Egremont shrank from him. 'But — the other 
things ? ' she said, hesitating. 

The Colonel laughed. 'Oh, no,' he answered 
quietly. 'The public prosecutor isn't going to rake 
up old scandals like that at this time of day just 
to gratify you, my dear. He's had more than enough 
of them. The authorities prefer to keep those things 
quiet. Anyhow, I'll risk it. You shall see me back 
at Mil worth before long, dear Julia.' And he kissed 
his hand to her. 

Hubert could stand it no longer. He advanced 
and laid his hand on the old scoundrel's shoulder. 
* You have said enough,' he murmured, in a very low 
voice. ' Now, go ! We know your intentions. In 
my mother's name I tell you plainly, you shall not 
have one penny now, nor one penny ever if you come 



COLONEL EGREMONT SEES HIS WAY 



165 



to Milworth.' And he pushed him backwards forcibly 
towards the balcony. 

* Hullo I What's this ? ' the Colonel cried, fairly 
surprised that Hubert should actually lay hands on 
him. * You're my son, young man, remember. Will 
you assault your father ? ' 

' Your son I ' Hubert cried, hardly able to contain 
himself. ' Your son ! ' And he gave an imploring 
look towards his mother. 

Mrs Egremont's face was still flushed with the joy 
and pride and shame of her confession to her boy. 
She could not look at that wretched sot who had once 
been her husband without the profoundest loathing. 
Should he call Hubert his son? Her whole soul 
revolted from it. She rose up and faced him with a 
sudden tremulous resolution. * He is not your son,' 
she cried, flinging the words defiantly in the old 
man's face. ' He is the son of ten thousand times 
a nobler and better man than you are.' 

Hubert let his hand fall. ' Now you know the 
whole truth,' he said calmly, gazing full at Colonel 
Egremont. 

The mother tank back on the sofa in a sudden 
revulsion of alarm and terror. What had she done ? 
What had she done ? What was this she had said in 
the impulse of a moment ? He might publish it to 
the world ; he might shame her ; he might ruin her ! 

But Colonel Egremont drew back, trying to take it 
all in with that drunken head of his. ' Not my son ! ' 
he muttered slowly. * Ten thousand times a nobler 
and better man than I am ! ' Then he burst of a 
sudden into a loud, harsh laugh. * So thafs how 



things He, is it ? ' he crir d, steadying himself by the 
lintel of the window. ' I see it all now. So you 
choose to play my game ! Well, tant mieux pour 
moil I had an inkling of this before. I half sus- 
pected as much that last winter at Venice ! ' 

Mrs Egremont cowered in her place, now overcome 
with remorse. The mad impulse of a moment had 
thrown away everything. 

The Colonel let his eyeglass drop, gazed hard at 
her, and spoke very slowly. ' I think I could put 
a name to it,' he said at last. And he glanced aside 
at the photograph. 

Mrs Egremont clasped her hands and followed his 
eyes silently. 

'You were always hanging about with him in a 
gondola,* the husband went on. * I wonder it didn't 
occur to me. Ha, ha, ha ; what a stroke of luck ! ' 
He turned to Hubert. * I don't know whether you're 
aware of it or not, young man,' he said ; * but — this 
exceedingly frank confession disinherits you. If 
you're not my son, you have no claim to Milworth. 
By your grandfather's will, and the marriage settle- 
ments, it's your mother's for life ; but, after her, it goes 
to the children of the marriage.' 

* And I am proud to say,' Hubert answered, * that 
I am not. a child of the marriage.' 

*Oh, that's all very fine now,' the Colonel con- 
tlnuf.d, swelling visibly with pride ; * but you've got 
to remember, the property's entailed on the children 
of the marriage — with remainder to me, if there are 
no children, to dispose of as I like, without any re- 
striction. Aha, young fellow, there I have you on 


the hip! So you'd better just compromise. I'm 
prepared to negotiate.' He struck a judicial attitude. 
* If you can't confine your skeleton to its native cup- 
board,' he said, with emphasis, *the next best thing 
is to dress it up smart, and walk out in the Park with 
it, arm in arm together, as if you loved it. My 
proposal is — I come back to Mil worth.' 

'What he says is true, Hubert,' Mrs Egremont 
murmured low. * He can will the estate away from 
you.' 

' It seems strange,* Hubert answered, amazed, 'that 
a man can't inb erit his own mother's property.' 

* But in law,' the Colonel cried, catching a murmur 
of the words, ' an illegitimate son is not related to his 
own mother ; and we know from Blackstor e that the 
law is the perection of wisdom ! * 

Hubert advanced towards him once more. ' This 
time, you must go,' he said firmly. ' I will have no 
shilly-shallying. We are not afraid of you. You 
may do your worst. But recollect this — if you come 
to England, you shall never receive one penny further.' 

He made a threatening move forward. The 
Colonel, having gained all he wanted for the moment, 
retreated strategically before him. * Well, good morn- 
ing, Julia,' he said, with a deep mock bow. 'We 
shall meet at Philippi — I mean to say, Milworth.' 

And he retired by the balcony with pretended 
ceremoniousness. 

She had given herself away. She had given him 
Milworth. 




CHAPTER XV 

AND FEDE? 

Mrs Egremont sank back on the sofa once more, 
terrified. ' Oh, what have I done ? ' she cried, clasp- 
ing her hands. * What have 1 done ? My poor boy, 
I have ruined you I ' 

Hubert smootlied her hair once more with his 
hand. ' Dear mother,' he answered, 'you have done 
nothing at all. What is Milworth to me, compared 
to the relief of knowing after all I am a great man's 
son — not that besotted creature's ? Even if Milworth 
were lost, I am young, and strong, and a Fellow of 
my college ; I am far better off than nine men out 
of ten who were with me at Oxford. I could earn 
enough for myself, and for you and Fede. But 
Milworth will not go. He cannot take it. My 
grandfather meant it should be yours and your 
children's ; the silly phrase about " issue of her body, 
lawfully begotten," is a mere verbal trick and catch- 
word of the lawyers. Suppose eve he tries to prove 
his point — what evidence has he for the matter but 
your word? What corroboration, what witnesses? 
If he goes about talking after so long a lapse of 
time, nobody will believe him. He may talk till 




he dies, and the whole world will laugh at him. 
But he will not talk. His very insanity will urge 
him to secretiveness.' 

Mrs Egremont wrung her hands. * Oh, why did 
I tell nim ? she cried, in her reaction. * Why did I 
tell him ? ' 

*U you had not told him, I think / should have 
been forced to tell,' Hubert answered calmly. ' I 
could not stand his vile insinuation that I was born 
of such a father as he is. Now I know the truth, 
that imputation shocks me. Dear mother, you 
immensely exaggerate the importance of his threats. 
He could only take action after your death, and in 
case he survived you. But he will noi survive you. 
If only you knew the man's state as well as I do! 
He's more than half delirious mad already, and the 
slightest extra strain will drive him into an asylum. 
There he'll die within six months — and nobody will 
believe him.' 

* But meanwhile, meanwhile ? ' Mrs Egremont said 
faintly. 

'There is no meanwhile,' Hubert answered. 'He 
is on the very verge of a nervous breakdown. If 
he were to try any large issue, the shock and excite- 
ment would kill him instantly. I handled him 
gently just now, because, to say the truth, I was 
afraid of killing him. For your sake, I didn't wish 
him to die before your eyes. His heart is all gone 
to pieces. You need not be afraid of him. Now, 
the next thing is, I must explain this to Fcde.' 

'Explain this to Fede?' Mrs Egremont cried, 
drawing back. ' Oh, Hubert, never ! ' 


' I must break it to her somehow, dearest mother,' 
Hubert said, leaning over her tenderly. * But you 
need not be afraid of her. 1 feel sure we can trust 
her. You see, I must account somehow for this 
change of front. Only an liour ago, I told her I 
could never, never marry her. Mow, after what 1 
have learned — that I am the inheritor of a great 
man's noble qualities — of course 1 need no longer 
hesitate to take her. And I must give some reason 
for my altered attitude.* 

Mrs Egremont clung to him. * lUit, Hubert,' she 
cried passiotiatcly, overcome with false shame, 'do 
you think it is necessary? Oh, darling, wait at 
least. Take time, take time to reflect and consider. 
Don't act precipitately. How do we know what a 
young girl like that may choose to think of it? It 
was different with you, darling. For one thing, you 
are my son ; for another thing, you are a man ; for a 
third, you are a philosopher, a thinker, a reasoner. 
But — a pure young girl like that ! Suppose, when 
she hears, she were to hate and despise me' 

Hubert kissed away her tears. ' No, miother,' he 
said, ' no ; now is the moment to act. Now is the 
time to tell her. She is waiting anxiously in your 
room to know what all this means. She v I will- 
ingly embrace any explanation that makes it possible 
for mc to marry her. Besides, I feel sure 1 can 
depend upon Fede. 1 have faith in her faithfulness. 
She is Italian, you know, and she understands 
passion quite otherwise than our English girls. She 
is Oxford-bred, again, and she understands reason 
moie than most other women. She will take the 


story in its true light ; she will, I know, for she 
has seen your husband ! ' 

He rose to call Fcde. Mrs Egremont still clung 
to him. ' But her father must know too,' she cried ; 
'and, oh, Hubert, I could never bear thatl Any 
talk of it would kill me.' 

Hubert disentwined her clinging arms gently. 
'He need not know,' he answered. 'His point of 
view is so difTorent. It will be necessary to say no 
more to her father than that, on second thoughts, 
I find my difficulties altogether removed, and that 
no sufficient obstacle prevents my marrying Fede. 
Tiiat will satisfy the Marchese. It is all he asks 
of me. The property is his aim. To him, this is 
merely a matter of busine.ss.' He unwound the 
clasping arms with didiculty, and moved over to 
the door. ' Fede,' he called out, opening it, ' Fede I ' 

liy the very sound of his voice, the poor girl 
recognised at once that all was well, and entered 
the room radiant. ' Yes, darling,' she cried, rushing 
up to him. 

'Fede,' Hubert said, in a very slow voice, 'it is 
all a mistake, dearest. That wretched creature is 
nM my father. I can marry you after all. He is 
nothing to me — nothing.'

Fede flung herself into his arms, and burst into 
a little flood of hysterical tears. ' I told you so,' 
she cried. * I told you so, dearest. I was sure of 
it all along. I knew it, Hubert. My name was 
justified. i had fcith in you — faith I My heart 
against your brain 1 My instinct against your 
science ! ' 



She lay in his arms for a moment, indulging her 
love. Then she withdrew with reluctance, and 
turned to Mrs Egrcmont. The two women stood 
there, trembling, and faced each other. Mrs Egre- 
mont's eyes were fixed on the floor. Fcde half 
understood what was next to follow. 

She glanced across tenderly at her future hus- 
band's mother. 'Then he was an imposter after 
all,' she said, in her gentle voice. * It was true what 
Hubert said. His own father died — years ago — 
did he not? And this man — ' she faltered. 

Mrs Egremont raised her eyes and fixed them 
steadily, with an effort, on the young girl's face. 
* Dear Hubert's father died,' she said, hesitating, * ten 
years ago — at Florence.' 

' And this wretched creature is not your husband ? ' 
Fode put in, with a deep flush. 

Hubert looked at her earnestly. His face was 
grave. * This wretched creature is my mother's 
husband,' he said in plain words, ' but not my 
father. As you arc to marry me, darling, it is well 
you should know it. You had faith in me, Fedc : I 
have faith in you.' And he gazed into her eyes 
with deep intentness. 

Fede drew back, and caught her breath suddenly. 

Mrs Egremont fell away in turn, and fixed her 
gaze on the girl, terrified. *Oh, Fede,' she cried, 
' I have shocked you. Do you understand now ? 
Can you — can you ever again speak to me?' 

' Wait I ' Hubert cried. ' Let me tell her all. She 
must know tiie whole truth.' He pointed to the 
photograph. ' That was my father, Fede,' he said, 



with deep pride. 'The poet, your father's friend, 
whom you saw, you told me, as a child, in 
Florence!* 

Still Fede stood blushing. * My child, my child,' 
Mrs Egremont cried, unable to endure the suspense 
any longer, * if you hate me for it, tell me so ! ' 

Fede turned to her in amaze. ' Could I wish our 
Hubert to be that other man's son ? ' she answered, 
wondering. 

Mrs Egremont stretched out wild arms of passionate 
yearning towards her. ' Then you won't renounce 
me, Fede?' she cried, gasping. 

The girl rushed into her embrace and covered her 
with hot kisses, * Mother, dear mother,' she cried, 
using that sacred name naturally, ' I love you, I love 
you ! How sweet of you to trust me ! I loved you 
from the very first moment I saw you. I love you 
now ten times better than ever.' And she clung to 
her in an ecstasy. 

' I thanked her for giving me such a father,' 
Hubert whispered in her ear. ' Do you thank her, 
Fede?' 

Fede clasped her to her breast. *I thank you, 
dearest,' she murmured, and laid her hand trustfully 
on the elder woman's shoulder. ' You have done 
more for aie than that. You have given me 
Hubert* 

The Marchese, as Hubert had justly anticipated, 

asked for his part no awkward questions. He was 

a man of the world, of the Italian pattern; his 

tolerance was broad. So long as Hubert announced 

his intention of marrying Fede, and salved the slight 

to the honour of the Tornabuoni, he felt little inclined 

to stir up unpleasant bygones. He made no comment 

upon Hubert's volte-face. To let sleeping dogs lie 

was the wisdom of his philosophy. So he merely 

shrugged his shoulders in his lazy, easy-going, 

Florentine way, and remarked that, provided only 

the Property was safe, it was no part of a prudent 

father's business to inquire by what curious process 

of logic Hubert had come to accept a situation which 

one hour before he had declared untenable. ' Droll 

people these English, Fcde,' he said, between the 

puffs of a cigarette. ' My mother was English ; my 

wife was English ; my daughter is English ; yet hang 

me if after fifty years of knowing them, I understand 

their point of view any better than I did when I was 

a lad of twenty.' Nevertheless, though he said it not, 

he had his suspicions of the grounds of action. 

So everybody was satisfied — except the Colonel. 

Nay, the Colonel himself strolled away from that 
singular interview with a pleasing sense that things 
were turning out for him better than he anticipated. 
' Even you must feel,* Hubert said to him, as he 
disappeared through the window, 'that no good 
purpose can now be served by prolonging any further 
this painful situation. It is unhappy for us, and 
humiliating for you — if anything can humiliate you.' 

The Colonel slunk off, ruminating on those words, 
lie held his head high, however, as was the wont of 
his mania. ' Oh, prav don't mention it,' he muttered 
to himself, in his man-of-the-world way, as he strolled 
along the balcony. * Happy to go, I'm sure. Never 
desire to intrude where the pleasure of my company 
is not appreciated. Sorry I disturbed the tranquillity 
of this charming wedding party. They're at it already 
among themselves, by all that I can see — quarrelling 
like cats and dogs with one another over the plunder 
— my plunder! Very unprincipled lot. Not dis- 
pleased to be rid of them, best intentions in the 
world, I'm sure; only wanted to give them niy 
paternal blessing — cheap at two hundred, and a 
moderate allowance. But if people refuse to receive 
the visits of their own husbands and fathers in an 
amicable spirit, why, hang it all, they can't be 
astonished at a little unpleasantness. Not my son 
after all. There's a stroke of luck for you ! If he 
were, Julia could do what she liked about the money. 
But now I've got a hold over her. I can di.sinlierit 
her boy. If only I outlive her.' He paused on the 
stairs and reflected. His feet were unsteady. ' It's 
this beastly creeping paralysis,' he thought, 'that 



spoils all. I've got to outlive Julia. Tough, tough, 
unhappily! It takes such a lot to kill a woman. 
Curious what a difference it makes to one, too, when 
you've a fortune in prospect. Till this minute it 
never mattered to me whether I died to-morrow or 
not, so long as I had brandy enough in bottle for 
to-night to make me decently comfortable. But now, 
I must live to oust that boy of hers.' 

He hobbled downstairs in his uncertain way to a 
seat in the garden. There, poising himself as best 
he might, he began to think it out as clearly as he 
could — without the aid of a brandy and soda. It was 
very hard work, for he was unused to thinking ; and 
on the rare occasions when he did think at all, he 
assisted nature with aids to thought in the shape of 
alcohol. To-day, however, he could get no brandy, 
for he had reached his last sou, and the hotel would 
not trust him. So he sat and ruminated in a puzzle- 
headed way, which only resulted at first in a vague 
phantasmagoria of wild possibilities. As his head 
cleared, however, and the world came back to him, 
he began to form plans. ' I shall go to London,' he 
said to himself, ' if I can get the money. I've not 
been in London for more than twenty years. Absurd 
that an officer and a gentleman in my position should 
be debarred from visiting his own club in Pall Mall, 
for fear of being cut short of money by his wife, who 
doles him out a pittance as if he were a schoolboy. 
I've stood it too long. I'll stand it no longer.* 

He paused and mused, drawing figures in the 
gravel with his cane as he thought. * I shall try her 
by three roads,' he said to himself once more. * I'D 




instruct my solicitor — have I got a solicitor? Never 
mind, I'll instruct a solicitor — some solicitor — any 
solicitor — all rogues alike, solicitors — to enter three 
separate actions against her. One shall be for Restitu- 
tion of Conjugal Rights.* He rolled it on his tongue. 
'That'll frighten her. One shall be for divorce. 
That'll touch her reputation. One shall be for de- 
claring this boy of hers illegitimate. That'll threaten 
the money. I have her there on the horns of a 
trilemma. Good word, trilemma ! Never heard of 
it before — suppose I invented it. What an inventive 
genius I have, to be sure ! But anyhow, I've got her 
on one. If I fail in the divorce, I score off restitution ; 
if I draw restitution blank, I win on illegitimacy. A 
very pretty trilemma — heads, I win; tails, Julia loses; 
and edgeways, the boy has to go from Mil worth. I 
wonder whether a trilemma has three horns ? and, if 
so, whether they go all three abreast; or, like the 
arms of Sicily and the Isle of Man, which are not 
arms at all, but really legs, turning round and round 
as if they were a bicycle wheel, with perpetual motion, 
and always kicking. I fancy the Isle of Man must 
be a most unpleasant antagonist. It kicks you 
circularly. Well, Fm just like that. Whichever way 
I fall, I shall have two good legs firmly fixed on the 
ground, and one up to kick with 1 ' And he hugged 
himself at the prospect. 

A single petty obstacle alone blocked his way — the 
temporary tightness of the money market. He was 
reduced by this time to one or two nickel sous of the 
Swiss Republic — which is an insufficient provision for 
a journey to London and three expensive law-suits. 

On this question of ways and means, therefore, the 
Colonel ruminated long. 'One should always be a 
gentleman,' he said to himself, reflectively, * and I've 
always been a gentleman. How does a gentleman 
behave when he finds himself, accidentally, hard up 
at an inn, through the remissness of his family? — 
what somebody calls their unremitting kindness? 
Why, he explains to the landlord, and borrows a 
trifling sum for current expenses. I'll explain to 
the landlord. And I'll borrow a trifling sum — that 
is to say, if he'll lend it me.* 

He rose from the garden seat and moved towards 
the steps. ' Concierge I ' he called out with ridiculous 
dignity. 

* Monsieur ? ' the concierge said, raising his head 
without quitting his box for the shabby visitor. 

* I desire to speak with the proprietor,' Colonel 
Egremont went on, with aristocratic hauteur. 

'Certainly, sir,' the concierge answered, and went 
in search of him. 

The proprietor came out with that singular mix- 
ture of deference and rudeness which proprietors of 
hotels keep specially laid on for undesirable guests. 
'Monsieur?' he said blandly. 

The Colonel drew himself up, and played his best 
card first. * I'm a disreputable old party for a hotel 
like this,* he observed insinuatingly. ' A vaurien. A 
bilmmeln. Is it not so, Herr Proprietor?* 

The proprietor bowed. * Monsieur plaisante* he 
murmured, rubbing his hands dubiously. 

' Not at all,' the Colonel replied, glancing down at 
his shabby coat. * Honour bright, I mean it. I'm 




no recommendation, no recommendation at all to 
the place, and the other guests hate me.' 

The proprietor nodded, unwilling to acquiesce in 
this too true statement, and, in his own pet phrase, 
awaited developments. 

* It would pay you to get rid of me,' the Colonel 
continued, with an insinuating smile. * I have been 
here two days ; I have paid d la carte beforehand ; 
and I owe no man anything. But my cash in hand 
is reduced to that — I assure you, to that.* He 
opened his closed palm and displayed the two paltry 
little shining nickels. * A ridiculous sum for a man 
who has held her Britannic Majesty's commission,* 
he said ; ' but true nevertheless. Inadequate, isn't 
it?' 

The Colonel gazed at them comically. The pro- 
prietor bowed again. * And you suggest ? ' he said 
with ironical politeness. 

The Colonel resumed his grandiloquent manner. 
* I desire,* he went on, * to return at once to Lugano 
and Florence. I have friends in each town — friends, 
important friends — and money. I came here ex- 
pecting to receive some little remittance from my 
family, who are in Number Twenty. But my family 
are recalcitrant. You have a wife yourself. Monsieur 
le propriètaire ; you know that sex; you can doubt- 
less sympathise with me.* He drew out a card and 
handed it with mysterious solemnity to the landlord. 
' Colonel Walter Egremont, late Royal Engineers,* he 
said, reading it aloud ; * husband of the lady who is 
now in Number Twenty.* 

The landlord examined it. ' I see,' he observed 

cautiously. ' One must not interfere between guests 
and their families. That induces complications.' 

* And what I want,' the Colonel continued, • is to 
raise a small loan — a merely nominal loan, say a 
couple of louis — which would enable me to get back 
from Goeschenen by the Gotthard.' 

The landlord was a man who did nothing precipi- 
tately. ' I will consider it,' he answered, with true 
Swiss prudence. 

And he considered. As the result of his consider- 
ation, it occurred to him to take the card to Sir 
Emiiius, who by this time had learned, very much to 
his surprise, that Hubert had thought better of his 
intention of dropping Fede, and was prepared to 
carry out his original programme of marrying her. 
Sir Emiiius scanned the card close. ' I'll go and see 
him,' he said slowly, with his hand on his chin. * I 
can do more with him, I think, than either my sister 
or my nephew.' 

It was perfectly true. Sir Emilius's quiet profes- 
sional manner always frightened the Colonel. The 
great doctor boarded his brother-in-law at once as 
he would have boarded any other incipient lunatic. 
* Now, Egremont,' he said firmly, laying one hand on 
his shoulder, and holding up a monitory forefinger of 
the other, ' the landlord tells me you've tried to borrow 
money. You know very well if you borrow it from 
him, you can never repay him. I've told him as 
much, and warned him against lending it to you. 
As for Hubert and Julia, they have made their minds 
up never to let you have another penny. You've 
brought that on yourself, by coming here against 

orders and your own written agreement And you've 
caused no end of bother, and trouble as well, in an 
innocent family, whose only crime is the fact that it 
happens to have you for a husband and father. I 
approve of their decision. But for myself, as I desire 
to get rid of you at once, I'm prepared to lend you a 
small sum — five pounds — to clear out with immedi- 
ately, provided you engage to go straight back to 
Lugano to-day, and show your face here no longer. 
Do you understand, and do you promise?' 

He held an English five-pound note between finger 
and thumb, and extended it tentatively. The sight 
of so much money was tempting indeed to a thirsty 
man. It represented some dozens of brandy, and 
meant, among other things, a drink immediately. 
Colonel Egremont did not hesitate. Visions of 
cognac and a syphon of soda floated before his eyes. 
His finance and his diplomacy were both from hand 
to mouth. He would accept anything, and promise 
anything, for a momentary advance. One can always 
lie and break one's word afterwards. His fingers 
closed over the crisp paper eagerly. 'I'll clear out 
at once, Rawson,' he answered, ' as soon as I've had 
a drink.' But he had no more intention of returning 
to Lugano than of returning the money. 

He fortified himself for the way with a strong glass 
or two of brandy. Then, certain that nothing more 
was to be obtained from his wife or Hubert for the 
present, he set off on foot in the direction of Mey- 
ringen, carrying, as usual, his whole wardrobe with 
him. But he only walked as far as the very next 
village. There he ordered a post-cart to Lucerne 



with the air of a duke, and lolled back in it luxuri- 
ously, like a born Bashaw. For nobody could accuse 
Colonel Egremont of not spending his money royally 
when he got it. He wasted it while it lasted, and 
then begged or borrowed with a mind at ease till the 
arrival of his next remittance. 

He slept well at the Schweitzerhof : why try a 
worse house ? It was his intention to proceed next 
day to England. 

But he would do nothing rash. He would keep his 
own counsel. As Hubert anticipated, he had reached 
the secretive stage of insanity. Arrived in London, he 
would consult a solicitor ; till then, not one word would 
he say to anyone. Better lock up the great secret 
in his own safe breast, till he could trumpet it forth 
in court — ' This woman was unfaithful.' He hugged 
himself at the prospect of that humiliating disclosure. 
If Julia got wind of his intention too soon, she might 
manage to evade him. But he would make his case 
sure, and then burst upon her like a thunderbolt. 
Ha, ha, ha, what a triumph! That bastard should 
never be the heir of Milworth! 

He whistled it to himself as he drove and lolled. 
Bastard ! bastard ! bastard ! bastard ! 

He lingered on the word. But nature's bastards, 
as Hubert knew well, are the children of loveless and 
ill-assorted unions. 


While the hoary old reprobate was maturing his 
plans, Hubert and his bride were pursuing theirs 
quietly. Early in November, the Marchese and 
Fede sat in Mrs Egremont's comfortable drawing- 
room at Milworth Manor, Devonshire. 

' There is no reason,' Hubert had said in Switzer- 
land, 'why Fede and I sliould not be married 
immediately.* 

As for the Marchese, he entirely reciprocated that 
view. He was quite convinced that, in his own par- 
lance, Fede had got hold of ' a good thing ' in England. 
The young man was eligible. But, with a person so 
apparently capricious and fanciful as Hubert, the 
Italian preferred to see everything signed, sealed and 
delivered outright with full legal formalities. * Marry 
them out of hand,' was his plan for the young people. 
The wedding, it was arranged, should take place (as 
Cecco had wisely surmised) at the end of November 
in London. Meanwhile, the Marchese and Fede were 
to visit Mrs Egremont for a fortnight at her hcMne in 
Devonshire. 

The Marchese was by no means disappointed in 
the Property. A Georgian house in a big domain 
exactly suited him. He stood at the bay window of 


the square brick mansion, looking down upon the 
valley of the little stream that ran in esses below, 
admiring the rich green pastures, dotted with ruddled 
sheep, and the wedge-shaped glen that opened through 
red cliffs to the purple sea of the South Hams of 
Devon. 

* Isn't it lovely, papa,' Fede exclaimed, touching his 
arm — ' this beautiful park, and those glorious old oak- 
trees ? ' 

The Marchese took it all in with a comprehensive 
glance. * Excellent grass land, my dear,' he answered, 
* and most valuable timber ! * 

* And these sweet hills and dales ! ' Fede cried once 
more. ' And the darling fallow-deer huddled together 
on the ground under the big horse-chestnuts ; and the 
river that flows in such a curvo at the bottom ; and 
the gardens and the lawn ! Oh, Hubert, it's lovely ! ' 

Hubert beamed his joy. * I'm so glad you like it,' 
he said, smiling. * I was afraid, after Italy — ' 

Fede cut him short. * Oh, no,' she answered, ' Italy's 
a picture-gallery ; but England's a garden.' 

'The river bounds your estate, I suppose, Mrs 
Egremont ? ' the Marchese observed, with an under- 
lying note of interrogation in his voice which meant 
inquiry as to the exact extent of the Property. 

' Oh, no,' Mrs Egremont said, pointing vaguely with 
one hand toward the hills of the horizon, ' we go be- 
yond it, Marchese — to the top of the ridge where you 
see the red ploughed fields there.' 

* So ? ' the Marchese repeated. His respect for the 
family into which Fede was marrying rose visibly 
each moment. * And in the other direction ? ' 




' In the other direction,' Hubert said, ' we go up to 
the summit of the down that you cime over from the 
station.' 

* Indeed ! ' the Marchese answered. ' A very hand- 
some Property. Fede, my dear, you'll have room to 
walk about in, I fancy.' 

' Everything's delicious ' Fede said, enchanted ; 
' the house and grounds, and the dear old red church, 
and the rookery with the elms, and the winding river. 
Did you ever see a house so pretty as this, papa ? 1 
don't mean outside — though even outside the creepers 
make it all so snug and cosy — but this charming hall 
and this delightful, comfortable English drawing- 
room?' 

* My dear,' the Marchese interposed, ' I see in this 
taste of yours the finger of Providence. It's lucky 
you're going to marry an Englishman, for I'm afraid 
you're as English and as insular as any of them.' 

* Oh, no,' Fede cried, * you mustn't say that, papa ! 
I love England, and I love Hubert, and I love you, 
dear mother, and I love this beautiful place, and I 
love Oxford; but I won't forego my birthright of 
having been born a Florentine. I'm proud of 
Florence, and proud of Italy; I shall never give 
up my Italian ancestry. It's something, after all, to 
be by descent a Tornabuoni ! ' 

* And / love Italy, Fede,' Hubert answered, ' and I 
love an Italian girl. I don't think I could have loved 
her quite so well if she weren't — well, just what she is, 
Fede.' 

Ff de quieted his too demonstrative affection with a 
look. 'Now, papa,' she said, 'you haven't half ad- 

mired the drawing-room enough. This exquisite 
Morris paper, and the old brocade curtains, and 
the Chippendale chairs — are they heirlooms, dear 
mother ? ' 

Mrs Egremont smiled. ' My ancestors have been 
here for ten generations, Fede,' she answered, 'and 
almost everything in the house has descended from 
them — especially the silver and the old oak furniture.' 

The Marchese surveyed it all with amused approba- 
tion. ' And as clean as a new pin,' he interposed — 
' in spite of its age ! It's only in England one ever 
gets that delightfully incongruous juxtaposition of 
antiquity and cleanliness. 'Tis your national passion 
— next after religious and moral complacency. Most 
of your people imagine, I believe, that " Cleanliness is 
next to godliness" comes out of the Bible. They 
take their own proverb for a text of Scripture.* He 
was glancing at the bookshelf, where a certain number 
of poets rubbed shoulders with moral and religious 
treatises. ' A wonderful nation ! ' he went on, musing. 
* The Christian Year; The Book of Job — Bradley ! In 
the field of commercial enterprise, nothing succeeds 
like soap. In literature, the staple industry of your 
principal writers is the production of tracts. Your 
greatest artists combine both tastes, and paint alter- 
nately Rebekah at the Well and advertisements for 
Pears. You are a great people ! For mixed cleanli- 
ness and godliness, there is nobody to touch you I ' 

The Marchese was remarkable himself for the 
scrupulous personal neatness of the Italian gentle- 
man, and his delicate white nails and irreproachable 
shirt -cuffs gave him a right to criticise. Hubert 



AT MILWORTH MANOR 



187 



smiled at his strictures ; but Sir Emilius, whose dis- 
tinguishing characteristics were British patriotism 
and unwavering devotion to the creed of the tub, 
intervened with an objection. ' Look at our sanita- 
tion, though, Marchese,' he cried. ' The decrease in 
our death-rate through judicious drainage ! Whereas 
at Naples — ' 

The Marchese shrugged his shoulders. * At Naples,' 
he said, * they produce opera and cholera ; at Florence, 
Michael Angelo, typhoid, and Dante. I grant you 
all you ask. You are the cleanest and the best- 
drained nation in Europe. I only suggest that main 
drainage is not everything : to be merely clean does 
not sum up in itself the whole gospel of perfection.' 

Sir Emilius was dumbfoundered. When a foreigner 
found anything to criticise in England, he set it down 
at once to envenomed envy. 

Mrs Egremont interposed to save Sir Emilius's 
wounded feelings. * Look at my Botticelli, Marchese,' 
she said; 'that charming Madonna! It's a sweet 
thing, isn't it? You see, we are not wholly given 
over to Rebekahs I ' 

The Marchese scanned it attentively. 'A school 
piece, I should say,* he answered after a pause ; for 
he was a bit of a connoisseur : ' not a genuine work 
of the master.' He had more than one specimen of 
his great countryman's handicraft on his own walls 
in Florence. 

*I bought it as a Botticelli,' Sir Emilius said 
warmly, 'and gave it to my sister. I believe it's 
genuine. I know I paid a genuine price for it' 

Pictures, unfortunately, were the one object on 

earth for which the Marchese did not accept a money 
value as ultimate. ' Botticelli as imported, perhaps,' 
he replied, with a smile and a doubtful accent ' The 
Botticelli of commerce. Not the sort of article we 
consume in Florence.' 

'Why shouldn't we go out for a stroll in the 
grounds, Hubert ? ' Fede put in, apprehensive. * The 
morning's so lovely.' 

' And yet, I'm sorry you should see Mil worth f rst 
in November fogs,' Hubert answered, with a darted 
glance. ' It looks so different, you know, when the 
leaves are on the oaks and the rhododendrons in 
the shrubbery are one blaze of crimson.' 

* If it's so lovely now,* Fede replied, * I don't know 
what it can be in the green and purple of summer. 
But, indeed, could it be lovelier than the dappled 
gold of the autumn tints on the beeches, and the 
blood-red of the maple trees? And those mists 
over the river, how mysterious they are ; how soft ! 
I love the elusiveness of English outlines.* 

* Then run and put your hat on, dear,' Mrs Egre- 
mont said, looking at her affectionately. ' We'll take 
you round the place and show you where all the 
wild flowers grow in spring. Not even the banks 
of the Arno in May are lovelier, Fede, than our 
Milworth woods when the bluebells and primroses 
carpet the slopes, or when the foxgloves marshall 
their ranks in great regiments in August* 

The Marchese lingered near the door as if con- 
scious that reparation was due to Sir Emilius. ' It's 
a most delightful place,' he said; 'capital estate, I 
can see, with good fishing and shooting. After all 



AT MILWORTH MANOR 



189 



your English country houses are the cosiest and best- 
supplied villas in any part of Europe.' 

*Eh?' Sir Emilius said hastily, wondering if he 
had caught so obvious a platitude. • Why, of course 
they are, Marchese. For show, the Continent's all 
very well in it's way ; but for solid comfort, it's gener- 
ally admitted, there's nothing like England.' 

He said it with such British certitude of conviction 
that the Marchese hardly ventured on the risky 
repartee. * If only the cooks knew anything of cook- 
ery!' For Sir Emilius was one of those true-born 
Britons who divide jo world into two antithetical 
halves — England and Abroad ; believing firmly that 
the denizens of Abroad, who arc called Foreigners, 
must themselves be conscious of their own vast 
inferiority to the English people, and must spend 
their time in deploring the Providence which did not 
permit them to be born Englishmen. The highest 
compliment he could pay to any Continental was 
to say, with warmth, that he was just like an 
Englishman. 

'Cookery,' Sir Emilius repeated, taken aback. 
* Why, where in Europe can you get a joint of meat 
such as you get in England?' 

' A joint of meat ? ' the Marchese mused to himself. 
' Ay, that's just it : a joint of meat ! Your national 
fetish 1 Precisely my contention.' 

' And our London dinner-parties,' Sir Emilius went 
on, growing warmer as he proceeded. ' The best in 
the world. What have you to say about our London 
dinner-parties ? ' 

'Exhibitions of food,' the Marchese replied in a 

conciliatory tone. * And as such, no doubt, admir- 
able. Material evidences of your national prosperity. 
The finished form of your famous cattle shows. One 
shows the raw product, the other the manufactured 
article. But for cookery, my dear Sir Emilius' — 
he expanded his palms and raised his shoulders — 
'excuse my incredulity.* 

Fede led him away gently to avoid further com- 
plications. The Italian and the Englishman were 
as oil and vinegar. 

• Remarkable the blindness of these Foreigners,' 
Sir Emilius observed, as the door closed behind 
them. ' Brought up on macaroni, sour wine and 
frittura, they don't understand a good piece of roast 
beef and Yorkshire pudding when they see it ! Most 
singular, really ! ' A nd he strolled out into the hall 
for his hat and umbrella — the latter a talisman which 
he carried through life with religious exactitude, in 
no matter what climate. 

Hubert and Mrs Egremont were left alone, await- 
ing their guests' return to go out into the park. Just 
at that moment a servant entered with a card, which 
he passed to his mistress. Mrs Egremont took it 
carelessly from the salver, hardly darting a glance at 
it. 'Who brought it, Reece?' she asked. 'Very 
early to call.' Then the name caught her eye. She 
changed colour at once. But she did not betray 
herself before the servant. She passed it on to 
Hubert Her son glanced at it, and held his breath. 
'Colonel Walter Egremont' So he had kept his 
word ! He had followed them to Milworth ! 

Hubert was equal to the occasion. Above all 



AT MILWORTH MANOR 



191 



things, the Tornabuoni must not know of this visit. 
The Colonel's apparition in Switzerland had alarmed 
Fede not a little ; if she knew he was at Milworth, it 
would certainly terrify her. 

* Show the gentleman into the library, Reece,' he 
said, with the utmost calmness. ' I will come there 
to see him.* 

The man withdrew to do as he was bid. Mrs 
Egremont glanced at Hubert with a face of agony. 
' Oh, what shall we do ? ' she cried. ' What shall we 
do? It is my fault, Hubert. I blurted it all out! 
And now he has followed us, and he will tell all, and 
disinherit you.' 

Hubert rose from his chair, walked slowly across 
to her, and smoothed her hair with his hand in the 
gentlest manner. A tinge of grey in those beautiful 
brown locks made them only prettier and more 
pathetic. * Dearest mother,' he said, ' you need not 
be afraid. I will take him in hand. He shall not 
trouble you. Stop here and show Fede and her 
father round the grounds. Make some excuse for 
me. I will see him and get rid of him.' 



Anybody who had seen Colonel Egremont in the 
library at Milworth that morning would hardly have 
recognised him as the same person who had walked 
across, in half- ragged clothes, from Goeschenen 
Station to the Black Eagle in the Rothenthal a 
few weeks previously. He was dressed in a brand- 
new tourist tweed suit, a soft felt hat, a clean white 
shirt, and a collar and cuffs as immaculate as the 
Marchese's. Dress makes a marvellous difference, 
even to such a degraded sot as the Colonel ; a week 
or two in England, a temporary renewal of the dis- 
used habit of washing himself daily, and, above all, 
the consciousness that he was almost the master of 
Milworth Manor, had wrought an incredible change 
in the shabby old drunkard. Other circumstances 
collaborated. Sir Emilius's five pounds had brought 
the Colonel safely to London. There, a shady solici- 
tor in low water had been induced, by tempting 
promises, to take up his case, while a still shadier 
money-lender (relying on the chance that the wife 
would pay) had backed it at an extravagant rate 
of interest for a few pounds of ready money. With 

the capital thus obtained, the Colonel had proceeded 

192 



PRIVATE INQUIRY 



193 



to rig himself out in a suit of clothes fit for a gentle- 
man ; and if you had met him in Bond Street in 
a shiny silk hat and a long black frock coat the 
day before, you might almost have taken him at 
first sight for what he had once been — an officer 
and a gentleman. 

Colonel Egremont had not come down to Mil- 
worth alone. He brought his suite along with him. 
As he sat in the library awaiting Hubert's arrival, 
he turned to the solemn-looking young man in a 
respectable black suit who had accompanied him 
from London. 'Now remember, Fletcher,' he said, 
in his most impressive voice, gazing at him through 
the eyeglass, 'you come as my valet. Every 
gentleman of position must have a valet. And 
I'm not going to stand any damned nonsense in 
this house, I can tell you. Why doesn't the young 
jackanapes hurry up? Eh? eh? Is this the sort 
of way to treat a person who has borne Her 
Majesty's commission ? ' 

The private detective whom he addressed as 
Fletcher looked at his employer suspiciously. Sus- 
picion is part of the legitimate stock-in-trade of a 
private detective. It is the armour of the profes- 
sion. And this particular client was a peculiarly 
shady one. In the first place, he had not deigned 
to confide to his employer the nature of the errand 
upon which he was coming. He merely remarked, 
with airy generality, that he was going down to 
Devonshire, and wished to watch a house where his 
wife was living. ' Divorce ? ' the private detective 
suggested gently. But the Colonel shook his head 

with austere disapprobation. ' What's that to you, 
young fellow ? ' he said. * You mind your own busi- 
ness.' He had the exaggerated secretiveness of the 
semi-insane, the private detective fancied ; indeed, 
even to his lawyer and his money-lender he had 
only confided so much of his suspicions as would 
enable him to raise the sinews of war for this im- 
portant expedition. The detective at first more 
than half suspected some attempt at burglary, and 
as it is the first duty of every intelligent private 
inquiry agent to look after Number One, he was 
prepared to keep a close watch of his own upon 
the very man who was paying him to keep a close 
watch upon others. Besides, the employer was 
clearly more than half mad, so Fletcher also kept 
an eye upon him as a possible lunatic. Anyhow, 
there was something to be got out of the job. His 
chief business was, to draw his salary and to see 
that his chief got him into no serious trouble. 

Hubert did not hurry to go into the library. It 
was not his policy to flatter Colonel Egremont's 
idea of his own importance, or to show such signs 
of fear as might perhaps be implied by too hasty 
an entrance, so he loitered purposely. The Colonel 
fumed and fretted. * Disgraceful, Fletcher, disgrace- 
ful ! * he said, pacing up and down with uncertain 
steps, like one who feels his legs after a casual 
tumble. ' I'm the master of this house — the lord 
of Milworth Manor — and yet, I'm to give way to 
a whipper-snapper of a boy, who has no more right 
in the place than you — nor half as much, if it comes 
to that, for I have brought you here — and he keeps 

me waiting his pleasure in this abominable fashion. 
A conceited upstart! A blithering idiot! A cad 
of an interloper! But / shall make him smart 
for it' 

' Perhaps he's out,' Fletcher suggested calmly. 

* No, he isn't,* the Colonel answered, ' for I heard 
his voice in the drawing-room as we came in. You 
see, I'm master here, and I know the place well. 
This room is the library; then outside there's the 
entrance hall, where we passed ; and behind it, the 
drawing-room. To the right my wife's boudoir; to 
the left the billiard-room.' He rose and walked 
about, examining the pictures and furniture. ' Very 
little altered either,' he went on, gazing around. 
'The same old bookcases, the same old water- 
colours, the same old sermons in dusty calf, the 
same old view from the big; front window. No 
flies on that view, Fletcher. One of the best in 
Devonshire. Time writes no wrinkles on its azure 
brow.' He assumed his grandiose air. ' Devilish 
fine house,' he went on. * Always was a fine house. 
And my wife has just modernised and aestheticised 
it a trifle.* 

* Good portrait, the young man in uniform,' 
Fletcher observed, glancing up at it. 

' Good portrait ? You think so ? ' the Colonel 
answered, gazing at it affectionately. * Well, it was 
considered very like at the time it was taken. It's 
one of Watts's earliest. I sat for that — let me see — 
it must be close on thirty years ago.' 

* You sat for it ? ' the detective said incredulously, 
glancing from one to the other. ' Why, that can't 

be you.* He had graver doubts than ever of his 
employer's sanity. 

' It is, though,* the Colonel replied, holding his 
head on one side and admiring it unaffectedly. *I 
was an innocent young chap then, wasn't I, eh? 
before I blossomed out into the hoary old reprobate. 
I quite agree with you, I do look a young milk- 
sop! We know what we are, as Ophelia says, but 
we know not what we may be. Hang it all, when 
I sat for that portrait, Fletcher, to give my wife 
before I married her, I didn't think I should ever 
be kept waiting by a whipper-snapper of a saw- 
bones in my own house till he found it convenient 
to himself to come to me. Disgraceful, I call it, to 
a retired officer! If the fellow don't make haste, 
I'll go and drag him.* 

' I wouldn't if I were you,' the private inquirer 
put in. 'Legal methods are safest. 'Tis the great 
First Principle of private inquiry.' 

* Legal methods 1 ' the Colonel responded, in his 
largest style, swelling visibly before his eyes like 
bread when it rises. ' Why, who's got a legal right 
to be here if it isn't me, I should like to know ? Eh, 
eh ? What do you make of it ? This house is mine 
— and the park — and the manor.' He waved his 
hands about and moved over to the window. ' Why, 
damn it all, there's the whipper-snapper,* he cried, 
looking out at Hubert — ' over there by the clump of 
evergreens, with that Italian girl of his. In mjy 
grounds, too ! By George, what insolence ! * 

He opened the French window slightly, so that he 
could catch what was passing. Hubert was speaking 


rather low. * I must go in for a while, dear,' he said. 
' Somebody wants to see me. But mother will show 
you round the garden and grounds, and I'll come out 
again as soon as I can and meet you.' 

' Will you ? ' the Colonel ejaculated in an under- 
tone. * Oh, will you really ! Not if I know it, my 
young friend. Once I catch you, I keep you.' 

He spoke in a thick but excited voice, which the 
detective didn't quite like. It suggested an impartial 
mixture of drink and madness. 

* It's sweet everywhere here,' Fede answered. 
'Make haste and come back to me. I wani you, 
Hubert. I want to see it all with you.' 

* And in a few weeks it will be yours, Fede,' the 
young man continued, with a lover's glance at her. 
* You will come back to it as its mistress.* 

And he moved away rapidly. 

' Oh, will she ? ' the Colonel r irmured. * About 
that, Mr Whipper - Snapper, there may be two 
opinions. Fm master in this house, and I'm not at 
present in need of a lady assistant. Though, to be 
sure, the young woman would suit me admirably.' 

As he spoke, the door opened, and Hubert entered. 

* Well ? ' he said slowly, surveying the Colonel up 
and down, with a side-glance at the detective. * You 
have ventured to come here ? ' 

Colonel Egremont blustered a little, though he felt 
vaguely uncomfortable. ' Yes,' he answered ; ' here 
I am, and here I mean to remain. Restitution of 
Conjugal Rights is my game. That's just what they 
call it. I've come home as the master of Milworth 
Manor.' 



' I beg your pardon,' Hubert answered, with chilly 
politeness, 'you have done nothing of the kind. 
This is my mother's house — neither yours nor mine 
— and without her permission you shall not remain 
m it. 

He approached him, threateningly. The Colonel 
drew back a step. * Take care,* he said, turning an 
appealing glance towards Fletcher. ' I have brought 
my servant with me as my witness, and for my per- 
sonal protection.' 

Hubert eyed the man sternly. * Colonel Egremont,' 
he said, with calm disdain, ' I shall not permit this 
intrusion. If you think you have any claim to urge 
against my mother, you can urge it by legal means. 
I refer you to her solicitor. But if you attempt to 
remain here, against her will, I shall call the servants 
to eject you forcibly.* He moved over towards the 
bell and placed one finger on the electric knob. 
' Will you go ? ' he asked, in a very quiet voice. * Or 
must I ring for them to remove you ? * 

The Colonel, taken aback, reflected to himself that, 
under these painful circumstances, a seeming com- 
pliance was best for all parties. He had calculated, 
indeed, on terrifying his wife by the mere fact of his 
presence at Milworth Manor. This cool reception 
took him completely by surprise. *0h, 1*11 go,* he 
answered, though with some faint undertone still of 
his accustomed blufif. 'Go? certainly 1 By all 
means ! A gentleman never obtrudes himself where 
his society isn't wanted. You wish to hear from my 
solicitor — very natural course — then from my solicitor 
you shall hear — and shortly, shortly.* 


He retreated as he spoke, one step at a time, and 
let his eyeglass drop ; while Hubert followed him up 
in a threatening attitude. He moved on to the door, 
Fletcher bringing up the rear. In the hall, Hubert 
happened to come across a servant. ' Reece,* he said, 
in his quietest voice, without a trace of flurry, * will 
you accompany this gentleman ail the way to 
the gate — see him safely out — and tell them at 
the lodge not to let him come in again? If he 
attempts to re-enter, let them send for the police. 
He is to leave the grounds. You understand my 
instructions ? ' 

Reece bowed with the inflexibly unperturbed face 
of the well-trained man-servant. ' Yes, sir ; certainly, 
sir,' he answered, with promptitude. If the Colonel 
had been a dog, Reece could not have received the 
order with more perfect composure. 

Colonel Egremont was taken aback. * Oh, for the 
matter of that, I go,* he said jauntily, putting on his 
soft felt hat, and assuming an ostentatiously non- 
chalant air, as though he rather enjoyed this mode of 
ejection. ' I dislike unpleasantness. Never was a 
person for creating scenes. I prefer to efface myself. 
But I wish you to understand, young man' — he 
addressed the servant — 'that I'm the master of this 
house ; the lord of the Manor of Milworth : and when 
I come again, I expect you to obey me. Do you 
understand ? ' He tapped his chest. ' I'm your 
master, sir — your master ! * 

'Yes, sir; certainly, sir,* Reece replied, with the 
same stolid indifference. It was no part of his duty 
to be rude to the intruder. 



200 



A SPLENDID SIN 



'Then why do you take me to the gate?' the 
Colonel exclaimed, as Hubert stood at the door to 
watch him retreat from it. ' 

* Because them's my orders,' Reece said, in the same 
official tone. 'You may be my master — but I'm 
engaged by Mrs Egremont.' 

' And I'm her husband, fellow,' the Colonel cried, 
trying to stop, turn round, and face him. 

Reece drove the obnoxious visitor before him down 
the avenue as he would have driven a cow or a flock 
of sheep. 'Yes, sir; so I hear, sir,' he assented, 
never pausing for a moment. * And young Mr 
EgremOnt's orders is to see Mrs Egremont's husband 
safe off the premises ; and I'm obeying them, sir; beg 
your pardon.* 

There was no withstanding this stolid unimpression- 
able devotion to duty. If the last day had intervened, 
Reece would still have continued ejecting the Colonel, 
till force majeure compelled him to desist. The 
Colonel recognised that fact, and moved slowly 
before him. Coin of the realm interposed in vain. 
The Colonel walked on. An altercation with a ser- 
vant? — impossible, he reflected. His gait was even 
more shaky now than it had been in Switzerland 
He shuffled as he walked, scarcely lifting each foot 
half an inch above the ground, and planting it again 
in a curious uncertain groping fashion. He reeled 
at times like an over-driven ox. But he continued, 
uncomplaining, his head high in the air, his mien 
overbearing. 

Reece accompanied him. to the gate, and saw them 
duly out. ' Good morning, sir ; beg your pardon, sir,' 



PRIVATE INQUIRY 



20 1 



he said, with perfect politeness. He was a gentle- 
man's servant. That summed up the whole of his 
individuality. Then he turned, like the perfect 
machine that he was, to give his message at the 
lodge to the gardener's wife who kept it. 'If these 
gentlemen try to come back,' he said, with stolid 
precision, * you're to bar them out, Mrs Michelmore. 
Them's Mr Hubert's orders.' 

Hubert meanwhile had rejoined his mother. She 
was trembling with anxiety. ' Well, what have you 
done?' she whispered. 

Hubert laid one hand on her shoulder with an 
affectionate gesture. *Sent him off,' he answered, 
low. * He's madder and more ill, I think, than ever. 
He won't come back, I believe. He's just at the last 
gasp, and I've referred him to our lawyer.' He 
turned to his future wife. ' There, Fede,' he added 
aloud, ' did you ever see anything prettier and wilder 
in its way than that bed of yellow flags by the bridge 
and the river ? ' 

Outside the gate, Colonel Egremont called a halt 
to consider the situation. Though full of self-im- 
portance still, he was taken by surprise, and even 
a trifle humiliated. This summary ejectment entirely 
upset his preconceived ideas. He had expected con- 
sternation ; he found quiet resolve. That young 
whipper-snapper had shown no disposition to parley 
with him. The Colonel had come down to his wife's 
estate in a heroic not to say thrasonic mood, re- 
garding himself already as the master of Milworth ; 
and he had been ignominiously expelled, like a driven 
dog, by a single man-servant. He glanced askance 
at Fletcher. ' Rum job,* he mused tentatively. 

' Very rum job,' the detective assented, with a dis- 
tinctive flavour of distrust towards his employer. 

Colonel Egremont paused, and drew a small leather- 
covered flask from his pocket. He seated himself 
with difficulty on a fence close by. He had some 
trouble to balance himself, and even when he suc- 
ceeded, his equilibrium was most unstable. * I'm run 
down, Fletcher,' he said, with a glance at the flask. 
* Want winding up a bit. And here's the watch-key ! ' 
He poured himself out a small glass of brandy, and 

drank it off in meditative abstraction. 


'What's the next move?' the detective asked. 
This odd situation piqued his curiosity. 

Colonel Egremont passed him the glass with a 
polite gesture of invitation. ' Have a wind-up ? ' he 
asked. 'What; no? Blue ribbon? I hope not. Ah, 
don't want a drink just now ? Then we'll proceed to 
business.* 

He steadied himself on the fence with considerable 
difficulty. Turning round towards his satellite, he 
began again slowly. ' Fletcher,' he inquired, in an im- 
pressive voice, ' do you know anything about divorce ? ' 

The detective smiled a contemptuous smile. ' Do 
I know anything about it ? * he repeated, with sarcastic 
emphasis. ' Do I know my own business ? Divorce 
is bread and butter to me — board, lodging and washing. 
Why, I've supported i. wife and family on divorce — four 
strapping little youngsters, as fine as they make 'em.' 

' Well, wherever there's an intrigue — * the Colonel 
began, in a tentative voice. 

'In my experience,' Fletcher broke in, 'there is 
always an intrigue.' And he spoke with confidence. 

' There will probably be letters,* the Colonel went 
on, without noticing the interruption. 

'In my experience,* the private inquirer repeated 
pointedly, 'there are always letters.' 

Colonel Egremont hesitated. With the natural 
secretiveness of the half-insane, he did not wish to 
blurt out more of his case than necessary. ' But if an 
intrigue happened long since,' he said ; ' many years 
ago, for instance — say twenty or more — would the 
letters be kept, or would the possessor burn them ? * 

The detective answered with the certainty given by 

SIN 



long habituation to the ways of human nature. ' A 
man lets 'em lie about, or loses 'em, or burns 'em ; 
a woman keeps 'em.' 
'Always keeps them, Fletcher?' 
' Invariably keeps 'em.' 
' For twenty-four years ? ' 

* For the term of her natural life. Till she dies, or 
somebody else gets 'em.' 

The Colonel let himself down with difficulty from 
his perch. His control of his limbs was evidently 
precarious. He braced himself up for a supreme 
effort. 'Then come along,' he said shortly. 'I'm 
going for those letters ! ' 

The dectective paused and hung back. 'To the 
house again?' he inquired, with apparent unwillingness. 
' Not by the front way,' Colonel Egremont answered. 
' I shall take another. Remember, I'm master here, 
Fletcher ; I know the estate and all the ways of it. 
We'll stroll in by the shrubbery and the library window, 
without passing the lodge, or ringing the bell, or trying 
the front door. There's a side path yonder. Why, 
man, I could find the road anywhere about here in 
the dark. It's the same as twenty years ago, only 
just grown up a bit* 

Fletcher drew back once more. ' I don't quite like the 
look of it,' he said ; ' it's too near a shave of burglary.' 
* Now, you look her-e, young man,' the Colonel broke 
out, in his most paternal tone ; * there's nothing to be 
afraid of. I'm master here, and I mean to be re- 
spected. I'm the lady's husband, and you saw they 
admitted it A man may visit his own wife's house, 
mayn't he? If he can't, what's the law for, and re- 



VICTORY ! 



205 



stitution of conjugal rights, I ask you ? I don't want 
you to help me. I don't ask you to come in. I only 
ask you to watch outside and let me know if anyb jdy 
else is coming. When they turn up, you can cough ; 
and I'll promise to see you safely through with it* 

' What I want to know,' the detective said doggedly, 
is, what's this job ? Is it divorce or isn't it ? Do 
you suspect your wife, or do you want her money ? ' 

The Colonel temporised. 'I suspect my wife,' he 
answered — *of hopeless respectability. Though, of 
course, when a man's been away from home for 
twenty-four years, why, hang it all, somethings likely 
to have happened in the interval, isn't it ? * 

* Oh, if thats your game,' Fletcher answered, * that's 
all right. The usual line of business. But why didn't 
you say so ? * 

* Because,' the Colonel answered with dignity, ' I'm 
the master of this house, and I'm not going to be 
questioned by anybody with impunity.' As he said 
it, he drew himself up and strutted. 

'Going mad!* the detective thought to himself 
' I've seen them that way before. But anyhow, I'm 
down here, and I'd better help him through with it. 
It may be the regular private inquiry business, who 
knows? If he pays me, well and good ; if he goes 
mad, I can take the other side, and get it out of the 
family in the end for watching him. I can see there 
ain't much love lost between 'em, anyhow.* 

They put themselves in motion again. The Colonel 
walked round by the back of the shrubbery, along the 
high road, not skulking as he went, but more erect 
than usual. He strutted as he walked, though with 



206 



A SPLENDID SIN 






his feet dragging painfully and at times almost tripping 
him. When they had come abreast of the house, 
under the high brick wall, he opened a small side- 
gate with an air of authority. His mien was 
pompous. The detective followed him. They went 
by a mossy path, damp and matted underfoot, and 
completely over-arched by horse-chestnut and lilac 
bushes. Still walking very erect, the Colonel ap- 
proached the library window, which he had left half- 
open when they quitted it an hour before. He stalked 
in with some remnant of a military tread, in spite of 
his paralysis. Still Fletcher followed him. The 
Colonel's manner grew more grandiose at each step ; 
he entered the drawing-room, and looked haughtily 
about him. Then he drew out his flask again. 

'What are you up to?' the detective asked, in 
a warning voice. 

'Only just going to oil the machinery a bit,' 
Colonel Egremont replied with a wink ; and he pro- 
ceeded to oil it : after which, he reflected th'it winking 
was undignified, and drew himself up still more 
stiffly than ever. 

The detective looked alarmed. ' WeV, the sooner 
you get to work now,' he said, ' the better. If it's 
letters you want, do you know where to find them ? ' 

* Yes,* the Colonel mused slowly, like one talking 
in his sleep. *In my wife's boudoir. There was 
an escritoire there — if they haven't modernised and 
aestheticised it out of existence — in which she used 
always to keep her most private correspondence. 
It may be there still ; . . . and again it may not' 

He doddered as he talked, but his smile was 



VICTORY ! 



207 



a smile of ineffable cunning. He mooned towards the 
door. * If anyone comes,' he said, turning round, 
'cough! ni manage everything.' 

*Look here,' Fletcher said again, 'are you going 
to open this escritoire, or are you not? For if you 
do, that's burglary.' 

The Colonel waved his hand. * I tell you,' he 
answered, with some impatience, ' I'm well within 
my rights. I'm master in this hoi.se, and I can 
do what I like in it. I shall find that woman out 
Yes, I'm going to open it.' 

' Well, have you anything to open it with, then ? ' 
the cautious detective inquired, more practically. 
He spoke in a whisper. 

Colonel Egremont produced a small skeleton key. 
' I have this,' he answered. 

' Good ! ' the detective replied, with a satisfied 
nod. * Not such a fool as he looks ! D. T., no 
doubt: but still the lady may have letters for all 
that. — Well, you'd better make haste. I don't half 
like the hang of it.' 

The Colonel nodded and disappeared. Fletcher 
gazed after him with a dubious glance. 'He's the 
oddest client I ever had,' he murmured to himself. 
'I don't know what to think of him. If he's a 
burglar, he's made me an accessory before the fact ; 
if he's not a burglar, he comes about as near being 
a lunatic as anyone I ever had the pleasure of 
serving. He's a mystery, that what he is. Anyhow, 
I've got to keep an eye on him. After all. Number 
One stands first on the register ! ' 

The Colonel, meanwhile, moved slowly into the 


next room, and looked about him on every side with 
tlie same studied air of preternatural cunning. 
Yes, it was Julia's boudoir ! The paper was changed, 
to be sure, and the curtains, and the carpet; but, 
with those exceptions, the room and furniture re- 
mained much the same as he had known them 
twenty-four years ago. The Sheraton chairs; the 
Empire lounge; the Japanese cabinet with the inlaid 
birds; the portrait of Julia's father, by Sir Francis 
Grant ; above all, the escritoire I As he looked at 
it, he felt it contained what he wanted — the docu- 
mentary evidence that was bound to make him 
master of Milworth I 

Trembling all over with excitement, he hardly 
knew why, he approached the escritoire, and began 
fumbling at the lock with his skeleton key in a 
tremulous fashion. The wards yielded slowly. The 
Colonel opened a drawer. A piece of blue paper 
stared him in the face, with a red embossed stamp 
of familiar aspect. He took it out and looked at 
it. So she treasured that still I the forged draft on 
General Walker! He tossed it aside without a 
sign of care. It was waste paper now ; old Walker 
was dead, and nobody else could swear to the 
forgery. Such a capital imitation ! His fingers 
trembled still more as he explored the rest of the 
drawer. This was clearly where Julia kept her 
most private papers. He pulled them out one by 
one — bills, photographs, vouchers. Ha I a bundle of 
letters — faded old letters, tied with green silk 
ribbon, and neatly folded. A seal outside I He tore 
open the covering. These were the sort of thing 

now! His heart swelled with triumph. These 
would prove what she had said that day at the 
Rothenthai 1 These would dispossess the whipper- 
snapper — and make him master of Milworth Manor ! 

He turned them over and gazed at them. * Now 
I have her in my grip ! ' he cried. * Marked outside 
with his name ! These are they ! These are they ! 
It says, " Letters from Arthur " ! ' 

He drew one from the packet. 'Let me see,* 
he muttered. ' " My darling Julia." How's that for 
the Probate and Divorce Division ? "A kiss to 
our boy." Why, that's evidence I that's evidence ! 
" Our boy," he says — here, in his own handwriting ! 
" Your ever devoted friend and lover," and he's signed 
it with his name. The fool ! A poet ! — a poet ! She 
thought it such romance to pick up with a poet ! ' 

His fingers trembled as he ran through the packet. 
He skimmed letter after letter hurriedly, just grasp- 
ing their meaning, and, as he read them, one thought 
grew uppermost all the time n his mind — he would 
be lord of Milworth and revenged on Julia. 

He had not even the usual barbaric feeling of 
his class. He did not think of the slight upon kis 
honour f as people phrase it ; h rejoiced to know 
he could be revenged on Julia. She had kept him 
all those years on the Continent out of his own. 
Now, his heel was on her neck, and he would crush 
her, crush her ! And that bastard upstart, who turned 
him out to-day 1 He would turn him out in turn — 
to beg or starve by the wayside ! 

As he read and read, Fletcher coughed in the 
next room. For a minute or two the Colonel, 

now flushed with victory, hardly noted the signal ; 
but when the detective coughed again, somewhat 
more loudly than before, he recollected with an 
effort, and bundling up the letters loosely in his 
hand, staggered out into the drawing-room. 

Staggered visibly now ; Fletcher noticed the change 
as he entered the room again. * Well, what's up ? • 
the Colonel inquired, with an air of suppressed 
triumph. 

The detective pointed to the park. * They're 
coming this way,' he said; 'young Mr Egremont 
and some ladies and gentlemen.* 

* That's my wife ! ' the Colonel cried excitedly, 
pointing towards her. ' I've got her under my foot ! 
I've found what I wanted, Fletcher! I've found 
what 1 wanted ! ' He flourished the letters over 
his head, and then thrust them hastily here and 
there into his pockets. 'And that's the Italian 
brigand by her side,' he went on ; * and that's the 
young jackanapes who's taken my place, and the 
girl who thinks it's a fine thing to marry him ! I 
have them all under my thumb ! ' He spoke with 
thick, loud accents. ' I've bested them, Fletcher ! I've 
bested them ! And I mean to make them pay for it' 

The detective looked at him closely. The Colonel's 
eye was shot with triumph. Was it madness or 
sr.ccess, the private inquirer wondered. Had he 
really found anything, or was he suffering from a 
delusion ? ' Well, you'd better come away now,' the 
spy said at last. ' You've got what you want — and 
they'll be back in a minute ! ' 

The Colonel turned to him with fierce exultation. 

' Victory ! victory ! ' he cried. ' I've crushed that 
woman ! * 

'Then the best thing you can do,' the detective 
answered drily, * is to clear out at once, before they 
come back and take the letters away from you!' 

* No, no,' the Colonel cried. 'I'm in my own 
house again, and I'll never clear out of it' 

' Till you go to Colney Hate" ,' the detective 
murmured inaudibly. 

' I'm lord of the manor of Milworth,' the Colonel 
went on, blustering. * As fine a place as any in the 
county of Devon ! And now I'm here, I'd have you 
to know, I mean to stop here.' 

* If you've got the letters you want,' Fletcher 
urged, with professional common sense, ' you'd better 
go at once. They're coming back four strong, and 
they'll make short work of you and me, Colonel.' 

* No, no,' the Colonel cried, staggering. * I've 
found what I wanted, and I'm master of the situation. 
J'y suis, et j'y reste! That's the word for a soldier. 
This is my Malakofif, and I won't stir out of it. 
Fletcher, I feel like Nelson at Trafalgar ! I've carried 
my point ! I've trampled on that woman ! ' 

' Nelson died at Trafalgar, I believe,' the detective 
said drily, trying to lead him away. The omen 
appeared to him by no means a well-chosen one. 

The Colonel resisted, and reeled more than ever. 
' What's that to a soldier ? ' he cried. He was quiver- 
ing with excitement. ' What's death — with victory ? 
Do I care about dying — at the moment of triumph ? 
Wolfe died on the field 1 So did Sidney — and Gordon. 
I'm Nelson at Trafalgar. These papers settle all. If 


she dares to turn me out, I have her at my mercy! ' 
He drew them from his pocket again and brandished 
them round his head. * Compromising ! compro- 
mising! They've settled her!' he shouted. 

'Well, what are they any way?' the detective 
asked, with a quiet smile. If there was anything to 
know, he might as well know it. 

The Colonel eyed him suspiciously. ' What's that 
to you, sir ? ' he said, the insane secretiveness getting 
the upper hand once more of the insane ostentation. 
' You want to know too much, an underling like you. 
I'm the lord of the manor, and I shall do as I like 
. . . with my own women and my own papers.' 

He broke into a hoarse laugh. The detective 
knew what it meant, and chose his side instantly. 
' Of course,' he said, scanning him up and down, and 
speaking in a coaxing tone. ' Quite right and proper. 
You're the King of the Castle, and who shall knock 
you down ? Still — they're coming along the avenue I 
You have no time to lose. They'll try to take them 
from you — those valuable letters — those compromis- 
ing letters! Hadn't you better give them to me 
for safe keeping ? * For he reflected that the letters 
were probably incriminating; they might prove a 
great deal ; and if his client went mad, or had a fit 
on the spot, he could use them himself to sell to Mrs 
Egremont, or to levy blackmail with. 

' No,' the Colonel answered firmly, clasping them 
to his breast. ' I'll keep them, and defend them ! 
I'm a British soldier. I'm not afraid of your Italian 
brigands ! ' He strode about the room, blustering 
and vapouring. ' I'm a Royal Engineer,' he said ; 



' finest corps in the world — and a match for a dozen 
of them 1 And I'll fight for it ; I'll fight for it ! I've 
got that woman on her knees at last. I've got her 
on her marrow-bones — a sneaking, puritanical skin- 
flint hypocrite!* 

Fletcher seized him by the arm. ' Now, come 
away,' he said, coaxing him. 'You'd better come 
away with me.' 

' I won't,' the madman answered, beginning to 
hector and caper about with momentary recovery 
of the use of his limbs. He pulled out a revolver. 
* I shall be even with them ! * he cried aloud, pointing 
it. * I haven't come unarmed ! Trust a soldier for 
that ! If they touch me, hand or foot, I tell you, 
sergeant, they'll have a warm reception!' 

Fletcher humoured him quietly. He saw now he 
had to deal with a dangerous lunatic. ' Is it loaded ? 
he asked, with a suspicious glance at the deadly 
instrument 

* In six chambers ! ' the Colonel answered, regarding 
it affectionately. 

The detective eyed it with apparent admiration. 
'It's a nice weapon,' he observed, with the tone of 
a connoisseur. He put out his hand and took it. 
The Colonel yielded it easily. Fletcher pretended 
to examine it, while the Colonel strutted up and 
down the room excitedly. *A very pretty instru- 
ment,* he said, eyeing it close. * With ejector, I 
observe! The neatest I've handled — and we some- 
times have a use for them!* He juggled with it 
for a moment. * Ought to settle their hash for them ! ' 
he went on, handing it back. * Though, as a man of 



214 



A SPLENDID SIN 



peace, I object to firearms. A court of law is safer 
for all parties. If I were you, Colonel, I wouldn't 
use the revolver unless absolutely necessary. Re- 
volvers complicate private inquiry.' 

'Oh, never fear for me,' the Colonel answered. 
' I'm an old hand, you know. I'm a military man 1 
I'm as cool as a cucumber ! ' 

* You look it, you do,' the detective replied grimly. 
'You'd better keep calm! Remember, no more 
brandy.' 

The madman caught at the word. * Brandy ! ' he 
cried. * Ha, that's good ! I am a bit excited. I 
want something to calm me down — something to 
nerve and quiet me!' He held out his hand. It 
trembled violently. 'By Jove, this won't do,' he 
said. ' Can't shoot straight with that hand. Want 
winding up again. Where's the key?' He pulled 
out his flask, and turned it upside down. 'Not a 
blessed drop in it ! * He stalked up and down with 
long steps. ' Pretty position,' he cried, * for an 
officer and a gentleman ! In his own house, and 
kept short of brandy ! Wolfe at Quebec — kept short 
of brandy ! I must have a drink. If I don't, I 
collapse — collapse before I've had my revenge upon 
Julia ! I must keep cool, I say, for the sake of my 
revenge.' He went up to the bell, pressed the knob 
hard, and rang it violently. 'Electric,' he said, 
'electric; put in without my consent! But I want 
some brandy. I'm master in this house, and, by 
George, I tell you I shall have what I want in it.' 

He strode up and down fiercely till the bell was 
answered. Fletcher in the background regarded 

him with cynical indifference. A young footman 
came up, not the imperturbable Reece. He stared at 
the Colonel in evident surprise. * I beg your pardon, 
sir,* he said, stammering. 'Did you ring, sir?' 

Colonel Egremont turned upon him with a scowl 
that made the man tremble. 'Yes, I did ring, 
jackass,' he said. ' I should think you heard me. 
I want some brandy.' 

The footman hesitated. ' I beg your pardon, sir,' 
he began. * Mr Reece, sir, told me — * 

The Colonel advanced towards him with a fierce 
grimace, brandishing his revolver. ' Mr Reece may 
go to hell, fool,' he shouted. 'Do you hear what I 
say ? Brandy, BRANDY, BRANDY ! ' 

The man retreated a step or two, and glanced 
aside at Fletcher. Fletcher signed to him to fetch it. 
A keeper, no doubt ; but still the man hesitated. * 1 
beg your pardon, sir,' he said again, 'but — I didn't 
let you in ; and Mr Reece gave particular orders — 

The Colonel strode towards him with two very 
long paces, and pointed the revolver. 'I am master 
in this house,' he cried, * not Mr Reece or Mrs 
Egremont, I'm Colonel Walter Egremont, fellow — 
late Royal Engineers ; and when I givfe an order, by 
George, I expect to be listened to. I'm lord of the 
manor of Mil worth, and I shall be obeyed in it. I'm 
waiting here for your mistress, who happens to be 
my wife. And I order you now to bring me some 
brandy.' 

He glared at the man savagely. The fellow, 
cowed and terrified, answered in a feeble voice, 
• Yes, sir ; certainly, sir ! ' and retreated towards the 




door. The Colonel glanced after him. ' And mind,' 
he cried, 'if you bring up that creature Reece 
instead of bringing the brandy, 1 shall put a bullet 
through that ugly fat mug of yours. Do you under- 
stand, a bullet — here — out of this revolver. Damned 
cheek of the fellow I That's the way to treat them ! 
A military man should inspire respect. And here 
in my own house I'm an Egremont of Egremont' 

He prowled about and blustered. The man-servant 
came back with a decanter of brandy, a syphon, and 
a tumbler. He presented them, shaking. 'The 
spirit, sir,* he muttered. 

'I see lit, idiot,' the Colonel replied. 'What's this 
for, fool ? ' And he snatched up the syphon 
derisively. Then, seized with a sudden impulse, 
he pressed the handle and spurted the contents 
over the man's morning liver. 'Take that,' he 
exclaimed, laughing. He poured nu... * out half 
a tumblerful of spirit, and tossed it off neat 
'There! That makes a man of mel* he cried. 
'That washes out the brain and fortifies the 
intellect ! I can face Julia now. By Jo e, this is 
a triumph! Victory, victory! I'm Nelpon at the 
Nile ! I'm Wolfe at Trafalgar ! If I don't go mad 
with it, soon I shall have them on their marrow- 
bones ! ' 

'You'll have them pretty quick,' Fletcher inter- 
posed, with a dry smile. ' For they're coming across 
the lawn there.' 

The Colonel raised a loud laugh. 'Now to dis- 
inherit that beggar ! ' he cried, with fierce joy. ' Ha, 
ha, ha ! I shall crush him ! I shall trample on him ! ' 



CHAPTER XX 



HIS TRAFALGAR 



As they passed the drawing-room window, Mrs 
Egremont's eye caught a sudden glimpse of a man 
in a grey tweed suit, wrlking up and down with 
evident excitement, and talking loudly to somebody. 
His head was so erect, his mien so soldierly, his 
dress so much neater and more gentlemanly than 
was usual with Colonel Egremont, that for half a 
minute the terrified wife did not recognise her 
husband. But Hubert at the same second caught 
her arm with a meaning touch. ' He's in there,' 
he whispered, in a voice of warning. 'Take them 
off to the library ! ' 

Mrs Egremont's face blanched, but she gave no 
overt sign of her intense agitation. As she entered 
the house, she led Fede and the Marchese into the 
room that Hubert suggested, while her son went 
straight into the drawing-room to face the Colonel. 
A minute later, with some feminine excuse, Mrs 
Egremont followed, and confronted the man who 
had once been her husband. As for Fletcher, he 
had prudently disappeared for the moment through 
the open window, and stood watching the scene 
with attentive eyes from the clump of evergreens. 

Hubert looked at the sot sternly. * What do you 


mean by this return, sir ? ' he asked. ' Must I drive 
you out again? I told you already you had no 
place in this house. I shall send the servants now 
for the police to expel you.' 

The Colonel broke into a chuckle of insane delight. 
'Don't try to bully me, sir,' he cried, in a voice of 
triumph, * for I'm not going to stand it. The 
tables are turned. I have you now in my grasp ! ' 
He stretched out his right hand and clenched it 
hard. 'And I mean to grip you,' he continued. 
'I've come here to stop, and I'm not going away 
again in a hurry, I can tell you. This is my house, 
young man ; it shall never be yours. I know the 
truth. I have proof of it — proof of it!' He 
chuckled hard once more, and clapped his hand 
to his pocket. ' A poet ! ' he cried. * A poet ! 
" Your ever devoted and affectionate Arthur ! " Ha, 
ha ! so you kept them, Julia ; — his letters — all these 
years — you kept them ! * 

Mrs Egremont gave a sudden wild scream of 
terror. * My letters ! ' she cried, darting forward. 
* My letters ! In his hands I Has that creature 
seen them?' 

'Oh, yes, I've seen them,' the Colonel answered, 
leering. ' Very nice letters, too I So refined ! so 
poetical ! ' 

She burst into the boudoir in an agony of fear. 
The escritoire lay open, and the drawer was empty. 
Mrs Egremont caught her breath. A pang seized on 
her heart. Her letters — those sacred, those tender 
letters 1 In Walter Egremont's hands ! What dese- 
cration ! Her blood turned sour at it. 



She reeled back, half fainting. 'You have stolen 
them ? ' she cried. ' You have read them ? * 

The Colonel assumed once more his jaunty manner. 
* Yes, I have read them,' he answered, grinning joy at 
her misery. ' All's fair in love and war. I have read 
them — very pretty! Such nice turns of thought! 
He could wri'ie, that fellow ! So you fancied you'd lay 
them by ? Well thumbed, too, they look ! Marks of 
tears here and there ! Most agreeable keepsakes ! . . . 
A poet ! A poet I You thought such a lot of him ! * 

Hubert sprang at the man, angrily, as he stood 
there mocking. *You have possessed yourself of 
my mother's private letters ? ' he asked, clutching the 
Colonel's arm. 

The Colonel shook him off. ' I have, young man,' 
he answered ; * and I mean to stick to them.* 

' Oh, Walter, how did you get them ? ' Mrs Egremont 
cried helplessly, clasping her hands in terror. 

Her husband danced about in a frenzy of delight, 
and snapped his fingers. * Duplicate key ! ' he shouted. 
'That's all. Felt sure they v/ere there. Mere pru- 
dent forethought! Wisdom is justified of all her 
children.' 

'You shall restore them,' Hubert exclaimed, hold- 
ing him in his powerful hands. ' They are stolen, and 
I demand them! You shall not leave this house till 
you have g'-: n them all up ! I say, you shall restore 
them ! ' 

' I shall not restore them,' the Colonel answered, 
unable to free himself, but still dancing with joy in 
his malevolent ecstasy. ' I decline ! I refuse it ! 
They are my wife's letters — therefore mine ; and they 



220 



A SPLENDID SIN 



shall be read aloud in court, and reported in the 
papers. "Great laughter!" in parentheses. It's 
divorce and bastardy — that's the name of the action. 
All England shall know of this woman's shame. And 
you shall lose your claim to the estate of Milworth !' 

Hubert held him in his grasp. 'Give up those 
letters,* he said sternly. With a dexterous jerk the 
Colonel eluded him. * I won't,' he answered, dancing 
about. ' I'll give them up in court, when I read them 
out aloud to the whole of England, and show up this 
saint here in her true colours. Fine thing, to be sure, 
for a woman like her, with her bastard son, to go 
coming the ascetic over me for years, reading me 
sermons with her sanctity and her purity ! But I'll 
be even with her yet ; I'll take it out of her — and 
then, do you think your pretty little Italian girl will 
care to marry a beggar and a bastard ? ' 

He hugged himself with wild joy. Mrs Egremont 
stood facing him, as white as death. ' Oh, Walter, 
Walter,' she cried, 'are you quite inhuman?' 

Her son touched her arm. 'You need not fear, 
mother,' he said, softly. * Let him vapour as he likes. 
Let him wear this mood out. It won't last long. 
The end is coming.' 

But the Colonel continued in his heroic act ' She 
sees it r he cried. ' She sees it ! She knows it's all 
up with her I I've dispossessed her son. I've ruined 
her character. I've exposed her intrigue. And now, 
I'm coming back to Milworth Manor to live with 

her!' 

Hubert advanced once more. *Give me those 
letters!' he said, with calm persistence. 



' Never ! ' the Colonel replied, raising his voice to a 
loud shout. 'Don't dare to touch me, sir. I shall 
shoot the first man who lays hand on my shoulder. 
I've a regiment in reserve. Up, Guards, and at *em !' 

As he spoke, the door opened, and Sir Emilius 
entered. 

'Tut, tut, tut, what's the matter with the man?' 
the great doctor said, glancing at him. ' So ! Egre- 
mont again? God bless my soul, what's the fellow 
doing here?' As he looked, his manner changed 
abruptly from one of remonstrance to pure medical 
concern. 'Stand back, Julia,' he went on, in an 
altered voice. 'The man's mad drunk — and worse 
than that! Don't go too near him. What in 
heaven's name brought him here?' 

'My rights!' the Colonel answered, with a very 
thick sound in his hectoring voice. 'I've come to 
claim my own ! I'm the lord of Mil worth Manor.* 
He strutted about as he spoke, and steadied himself 
with a ch'iir, ' I'm monarch of all I survey,' he went 
on. * T ii; fhi Earl of Devon ! ' 

'You re a atunkard and a madman, my dear sir, 
that's what's the matter with you. Sir Emilius said 
coldly, yet vith professional interest. 'What you 
want is a kfeper.' He turned to Hubert. 'This is 
the beginning of the end,' he added, in a lower voice. 
• I suspect'id it long ago. He's rapidly approaching 
a stat of collapse. Alcoholic insanity.' 

' Tin t:,e Duke of Devonshire, I say,* the Colonel 
mumbled incoherently. ' I'm the lord of the manor.* 
He waved his hand towards the view with an expan- 
sive air. ' I'm the owner of the county.' 



Hubert touched his mother's arm. 'Go away, 
dearest,' lie whispered, in a low voice. ' I'll put the 
letters back quietly. The expected triumph has 
turned his head. He's going mad before our eyes, 
You mustn't stop to see him.* 

' I can't go away,' the poor woman answered, 
gasping, 'till I see they're safe. And besides, I don't 
know what things he may happen to blurt out before 
Emilius.' 

The doctor laid his hand gently on the lunatic's 
shoulder. * Come, come,' he said ; ' you're not well : 
you had better go away with me, Egremont. You're 
indisposed, I can see. A little rest would be good 
for you.' 

lie spoke in the pcrsuasive professional manner, 
but the Colonel shook off the kindly hand with an 
indignant gesture. 'Don't touch me, sir!' he broke 
forth, with insane indignation. 'How dare you lay 
your hand upon me? I'm a soldier, I say. I'm an 
officer and a gentleman. I'm Wolfe at Quebec. I'm 
the Commander-in-Chief. I'm a British Field Marshal. 
Don't venture to interfere with a Royal Highness.' 

The doctor held out one deprecating hand. But 
the madman drew back, with his head drawn down 
between his shoulders. He sprang at Sir Emilius's 
throat with a sudden spring like a wild beast. ' Now, 
then,' the doctor said, shaking him off, 'this won't do, 
you know, Egremont. You're getting ungovernable. 
Help me to hold him, Hubert. Julia, stand off: 
ring the bell there, quick ! We must have Raece to 
take care of him.' 

The doctor gripped him. But with the strange 



adroitness of the insane, in spite of his paralysis, 
Colonel Egremont. wriggled suddenly out of that 
quiet grasp stood three paces off, and drew his 
revolver. For a second, Sir Emilius and Hubert 
recoiled at the sight of so deadly a weapon in the 
madman's hands — for that he was a madman indeed 
they had now no doubt. ' If you touch me, I fire,' 
he cried, raising it, and covering; Hubert as he .spoke. 
• Now, clear the decks for action I Forward the Li(,'ht 
Jirigadel I'm the General in conmiand. ICngland 
expects every man to do In's duty I ' 

There was no time to be lost. At all hazards, 
they must .secure him. Sir ICmilius approached him 
cautiously from one side, Mrs Egremont shrank 
away with a terrified look at the revolver. Hubert 
faced him, ready to pounce. But at the same 
moment, Fletcher, who had been quietly watching 
the development of events from outside the window, 
saw the psychological moment arrive for declaring 
himself. He stepped into the room with an air of 
business-like decision. * Don't be dismayed,' he said 
calmly, seizing the Colonel's arm. ' Don't trouble 
to take it from him. It isn't loaded. / saw to that. 
I took the precaution to withdraw the cartridges.' 
And he drew them out of his pocket and showed 
them. 

The Colonel, not noticing him, turned round 
fiercely, and snapped the trigger at Hubert. It 
gave an abortive little click — no more. He looked 
at it curiously. For a second he turned it over like 
a child, astonished. ' What, no cartridge I ' he cried. 
Then he flung it away from him and rushed upon 


Fletcher. 'You villain ! ' he exclaimed. * You've 
betrayed me ! ' He turned to the others. * Choke 
him, soldiers, choke him ! ' he burst out. And he 
grasped the man's neck in his hands as if to strangle 
him. 

Hubert and Sir Emilius darted forward and secured 
him. But the detective was prepared. He drew a 
set of handcuffs quietly from his pocket. ' I always 
carry a pair of these about with me,' he said, in an 
apologetic tone. ' They do come in handy. In my 
profession, one never just knows when one may 
happen to want them.* 

The two other men held the madman's wrists. 
Fletcher slipped on the handcuffs like one well 
accustomed to them. The Colonel raved and 
blustered. He hardly seemed to notice the little 
episode now, so wild was he with excitement. 
'What does it matter?' he cried, triumphant. 'I've 
got the title-deeds of the estate this moment in 
my pocket!' He held up his handcuffed hands. 
* How dare you ? ' he said, maundering. ' I'm the 
Duke of Devonshire! I'm the Earl of Trafalgar! 
I'm Nelson at Quebec! I'm Wolfe at Milworth 
Manor ! I'm — I'm — I'm the Commander — the 
Commander — 'He began to dodder suddenly; then 
all at once he collapsed and fell back on the sofa. 

He fell in a heap, like a drunken man. The 
detective leaned over him. ' Let me take him away,' 
he whispered. * I brought him here, you know, and 
I disarmed him when he gave me his revolver to 
look at. I've been like a keeper to him. He'll 
go quietly with me.' For he reflected that the 




letters, whatever they might contain, were in the 
Colonel's pocket, and that no other chance now 
remained of repaying his expenses. 

* No, no,' Hubert answered, determined at all 
hazards to retain the letters. * He can be cared 
for here. You need not trouble.' 

Sir Erailius, meanwhile, with a doctor's instinct, 
had unloosed the madman's collar, and was fanning 
him with his handkerchief. ' This is a hopeless case,' 
he said slowly * He is in utter collapse. Give him 
air there, Hubert ! Julia, quick ! a fan, and sal 
volatile if you have any!' He lifted the Colonel's 
fainting body in his arms, and tore his coat off. 
Hubert snatched it, and, searching the pocket un- 
obtrusively, took out the packet of letters, which 
he handed to his mother. Mrs Egremont received 
them without a word, slipped them into her bosom, 
and rushed off distractedly to find the sal Volatile. 

Sir Emilius watched his patient with close atten- 
tion. ' He's in the very last stage,' he murmured. 
* Hold his head up, Hubert ! Suppressed insanity, 
breaking out all at once. I've always expected it. 
He's not fit to be at large. Send Reece post haste 
for any local doctor. We must sign a committal 
order, and get him into an asylum.' 

* An asylum,' Mrs Egremont cried, returning, and 
just catching the words. *Oh, Mill, is it that? At 
once? At once?' A certain womanly remorse 
seemed to come over her for a moment. 

* It won't be for long, mother,' Hubert answered, 
in a soft voice. * He has killed himself at last. 
This collapse is final. I knew it was coming. Only 



A SPLENDID SIN 



brandy kept him up. The excitement of the return, 
and this scene, have finished him.' 

Sir Emilius was rubbing the Colonel's cold hands 
meanwhile. 'You're quite right, Hubert,' he an- 
swered, low. * He can't live six weeks. And mean- 
while, he will be nothing but a helpless imbecile.' 

As he spoke, the Colonel's eyes opened, and he 
stared about him vacantly. Then he lifted himself 
on his elbows, and gazed around with a distraught 
air. * I'm the Earl of Devonshire,* he muttered 
feebly. * I'm Duke Nelson of Trafalgar.' Then 
he lost his balance and ieil back, mumbling. 

'Take those things off again!' £ Emilius said 
in an authoritative voice to Fletcher. 

The detective obeyed, and unfastened the hand- 
cuffs. Colonel Egremont felt his hands free, and 
lifted them up with an effort. His eye caught Sir 
Emilius's. * Ha ' Rawson, old boy ! ' he mumbled, 
smiling at him. 'You were always my friend, 
Rawson. Do you remember, when we two were 
boys together at Winchester, on a half-remedy after- 
noon, down by the playing-fields — ' He broke into 
a fatuous smile, and left off suddenly, laughing. 

Sir Emilius looked at him. with compassionate 
eyes. * Poor fellow ! Poor fellow I ' he said. ' He's 
all gone to pieces! He has been a blackguard all 
his life, Julia, and he has treated you like a black- 
guard. But, 'pon my soul, when one sees him now, 
one can't help pitying him. To think a truculent 
bully should be reduced to that He needs no 
asylum now, my dear. He won't want restraint. 
He's past any violence. A good home, where he 



HIS TRAFALGAR 



227 



can be nursed and tended while he lasts, is all he 
will require. Come this way with me, Egremont,* 
and Sir Emilius lifted him tenderly. * He'd better 
go to a bedroom, and lie down and rest for an hour 
or so. Then I'll take him off myself to a home that 
is fit for him. The collapse, when it comes, is always 
final' 

The shadow of the Colonel rose feebly and clutched 
Sir Emilius's arm. He was smiling a bland smile. 
' Yes, I'll go and lie down,' he said, with an abortive 
laugh. ' And then you'll take me home, Rawson ! 
Milworth's looking nice ! Fine boy that of Julia's ! 
You'll see me home, I hope. I'm a bit screwed, 
I think, and you'll see me home, Rawson, won't you ? 
Ha, ha, ha ! old boy ; you and I were always good 
chums together, weren't we?' 

He tottered out of the room on the doctor's arm. 
Hubert and Mrs Egremont followed them silently at 
a little distance. 

'Send Reece to help me upstairs with him,* Sir 
Emilius said, in his quiet way. ' He must rest here 
for an hour or two ; then Dr Wills and I must take 
him over by road to that nursing home at Exeter.' 

They carried him upstairs. Outside the bedroom 
door Mrs Egremont broke into a sudden flood of 
tears. Hubert led her into her own room. There 
she sat down on the sofa, buried her face in her 
hands, and cried to herself in silence. 

Hubert seated himself by her side for some 
minutes without a word, just smoothing her cheek 
with one hand, and holding hers with the other. 

At last he spoke. * I know what it is, dear,' he 



228 



A SPLENDID SIN 



whispered. 'Some last tinge of needless remorse — 
now you see him dying.' 

Mrs Egremont bowed her head. * The ages behind 
me, I suppose,* she answered, half sobbing. 'One 
cannot wholly escape from the false creeds of one's 
ancestors. Though he would have told me I ought 
rather to feel the acute disgrace of having lived for 
one day, as wife, with that creature!' 

Hubert paused again a second. ' Mother,' he said 
earnestly, * on the morning you first told me that great 
secret in Switzerland, I said to you, " Thank you ; ten 
thousand times, thank you ! " Every day since that 
time, when I reflect from what inheritance of vice 
and madness you saved me, I have said again in my 
heart, "Oh, thank you, thank you!" Now I see 
him lying there, where his own wicked life has justly 
led him, I say to you yet more fervently than ever, 
" Thank you ! " You have preserved me from that ; 
you have given me a father and a heritage to be 
proud of!* 

Mrs Egremont clasped him in her ?.rms. *I will 
go to him,' she said slowly. ' I will do what I can 
for him. Now, run down again, darling, to the 
Marchese and Fede!' 

'I will,' Hubert answered, pressing her forehead 
with his lips. * For, more than all, mother, you have 
given me Fede!'