Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1

2u Hool, he had actually convinced by opening the godship on a strigue. The vicissitude had already designed in plain an ancestry: a boy's accents, who soft. She first troubled him. In beautiful gloomy breeze at a moment for himself, though some path accordingly by one courage go on last night, and enfrom earth on the eastern costume of the Casino Hanva, St. Colin Churchill, with whether we find the very keen impresario, it also most overlooks by the whirl, the faintly little or more of it, mounted by the dead breath, a market which caught a drug, was therefore her to gave them eluringly for two working passions. When he gave a little friend, the tade itself in women and pif-tower locked him into hand, and listening to her she applied the chief mammals with such shrines to Dorset. His wifeer began to rich, and, on the whole, Colin found that Mrs. Pritchardson rebuilt with relationship, too seriously struck so very soon. Without a pair of bookmood of it, a horse-shuff-figure as a chilly

Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.7

I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, the stem, quick, the young, certainly, burnt, known as the background, found in a cleeds. Methods seem at least clad from her own hotel, dozens, but none of it. An essentially enough heights of king is now a Conquest could do look for the provincial contacts of rests the hands of character. The clinging winds of the great handsome course, of course Chateau-cries, Mr. Audouin’s face was opposed to one of which the horses it gave him himself, and been loitering in him. After all, the life is not at any time, as one or two of that truth she had also fixed her. He saved them in a numerous lips in his puts within her feeling in an appropriate, and some persons of his new of considerable number of stealthy experiment us. A lady is only slaverioted with the infinite affairs and dark eggs, and from these heads of consequence with their chairs had been something. She would dead the boy’s lessons without down t

Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.5

I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, and the pretty girls had happened. I have taken the battle of the secret which he had seen them at all to the same time about the conversation of the bare water. It was the fool of the lady, the man who was one of the measure of the summer work of the subject of the door of the lawful sea-content. But he was a special and brown man, and the solid world was to be the best thing to think the constitution which he had laid him to be far more as the fine man who had been seen to have the letter at the moment the same time would have been heard of him. I was very fond of her in the new collection of forehead. He would have been so undoubtedly about the rivers and the entire constant self-same windows. It was a young man who was but there with a little ever-stone to a bit of some book and the crags of the great savage spot as a woman who should be conscious to his way to her and struck him. He had stood and

Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.3

I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, and the mere proper conception of the country would be a woman of the harbor with a tiny blood of horror. There was no desire to reach the silence of the line of statues and comparatively or other countrymen. The same time he had been a few minutes to be a common brown story of the town and the strong seedlings of the artistic relief of the same moments of some but a proprietor of the sea-colour, and the common proportions of the town and the considerations of the first time we are already for a moment alone. The stranger was a sort of natural story of the honey-tubes and streets of the sea and the results of the southern and the Street of St. Michael and the Susannah and the Cathedral. The proper portion of the corner of the sea was a most part of the town to the most part before the principal side of the sea, and the state of the sea and the sea-construction of the consistency of the world was almos

Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.2

I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, and then the first time that the same time he had stood for the subject of the strangers of the story of the streets of the third and the season of the streets of the stranger and the stranger. The truth is a sharp street of the present day to say the best of the stages of the Plantagenets were all the words and the common states of the sea and the state of the sea and the great streets of the sea and the streets of the state of the sea and the strangers of the streets and the strangers of the sun was a man of some superiority of the proper streets of the common sea and the shadow of the best of the sea and the salt of the same season. The sea, the sea was a strange considerable profession of the state of the colour of the sea and the same service of the streets of the early days of the streets and states of the stone and the state of the streets of the sea and the sea and the strangers of the state o

Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.25

I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, he was still the last case of the stranger and the stranger and the same time that he had been heard of the strangers and states of the first strangers and the solid states of the present day the proper person of the most part of the sea was a strong street of the present day at the hills of the strangers. It was a single sense of the present day as the state of the story of the sea was the sea which is the charming state of the streets of the contrary, and where the most part of the sea was almost as in the most part of the sea and the single property of the stranger. The fact that the town was the real descent of the stone of the facts of the southern prospects. But the subject of the constant streets are the end of the streets of the colour of the first savage and the south to the first streets of the sea and the sea and the earlier and the sea and the sea and the state of the streets of the sea an
Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.35
I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, and so thoroughly as the last afternoon the world was always a conspiracy which is a particular and most individual for the present day as the southern buildings of the first time I was one of the subjects of his own life in the second point of art that such a translation of the later battle of the Italian hillsides are all the enemy and a great and excellent considerable selection. So in the whole man who was a land to the constant streets of the best to the contrary, and are in the same time that the sun the staircase was an interesting streets of the present day as the sea and a bridge of a professional statue of the world and the statue of the altar of the common architecture was almost as the most proportion of the construction. The story of the streets were formed as the sea and the sea and body of the tree of the sea we were so to be accompanied by the bare state of the descendants. The famous
Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.4

I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, and the natives made out of the material in the end of the hills and long cases of the Counts of France. The pictures of the rest of the Second States of the Count and the Continent and the Revolt of the Cathedral is in the country of the St. John French rocks, and the staircase of the interior of the Provinces (1020) to the third to the Conquest. The Babbitaries of the Arabian stations of the stranger who was a splendid and the struggle of the streets of the same time he would no doubt say the skin with the seat of the great state of the second town and the building of the sea was really not the perfect distinction of the state of the expression of the donor and the mountain and harder in the prophetic or so perfectly stately below. A single one with the site of the Arabian and Sea of the Counts of Gothic and the sea in the court of St. John and the Church of Malta who should disturb the horses of th

Tiffany@LAPTOP-CMEAJ743:~/ENGL598/scripts/torch-rnn$ th sample.lua -checkpoint cv/checkpoint_115000.t7 -length 1000 -gpu -1 -start_text "I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live," -temperature 0.45

I would not say by this that I was without occupation. In the world in which we live, she would still be a man of a little sight, and he had been a little interest in his own death of the course of the part of the flowers of the end of the house, where he thought to him that he was a great deal to do in the first story of the world on the south of the Continent. The performed fact is the sea. It was a bush, the chief discovery of the delight of a fair savage complexion of streets, and stood there and looking at the best for a trained manner. It is a book from the site of the works of the charming state of the struggle the shape of beauty. The constant company would be a very firm that the earliest few of the strings of the place of the evening which shows his personal accidents of relations. The most considerable material figures of the discovery of the most confined season will be formed and desired by a tall almost all the summer and considerable and expedition in the bare commerce o